Bob Dylan, 12/22/61, Minnesota Hotel Tape, 1CDR

LB-7829, (80min), BOOTLEG: Songs For Bonnie; source: "Minnesota Hotel Tape" 1961, Recorded in Bonnie Beecher's apartment., Superb sound quality, but a couple of noticeable glitches are present on the original silver-disc boot., Artwork scans (complete!)included. Photos show Bob in the apartment where this was recorded., The sound quality is excellent. Very clear, very clean, very enjoyable., The liner notes claim this release is in 'superior sound quality' it is it's great!, Nice early black and white pictures, and a classy layout., The set also contains a lovely fold out booklet with a bit of a story behind the tapes., It's well written and informative. The title, of course, reflects that the tunes were recorded, in Bonnie Beecher's apartment., What I have is what you get., From my harddiscs>TLH>HC>YOU., Thanks to the original seeder., I know this material also exists on various other discs, but not in better quality, and certainly not with such great artwork! Very nice to have., So, take it (and enjoy) or leave it.; bittorrent download 07/09; has light tv band; in 5-way comparison on t24, bootleg Like Marlon Brando LB-4916 and bootleg Minnesota Tapes LB-6618 have same levels and spectral view and sound; these two are warmest fullest sound with least hiss but have some  distortion in the vocals when it gets loud which is not on others; LB-324 and early dylan LB-2792 have same spectral view and sound with early dylan having higher levels; these have the most hiss and are least warm;  that leaves this in the middle and seems to be the best; "East Orange, New Jersey" which circulates on some of the others is not on this one;; excellent sound [A]

1 Candy Man (Rev. Gary Davis arr. of trad. song), 2 Baby Please Don't Go (Big Joe Williams), 3 Hard Times In New York Town (adapted), 4 Stealin' (Memphis Jug Band arr. of trad. song), 5 Poor Lazarus (Traditional), 6 I Ain't Got No Home (Woody Guthrie), 7 It's Hard To Be Blind (adapted), 8 Dink's Song (John & Alan Lomax arr. of trad. song), 9 Man Of Constant Sorrow (Dylan arr. of trad. song), 10 Naomi Wise (Traditional), 11 Wade In The Water (Traditional), 12 I Was Young When I Left Home (adapted), 13 In The Evening (Leroy Carr), 14 Baby Let Me Follow You Down (E.Von Schmidt), 15 Sally Gal (adapted), 16 Gospel Plow (Traditional), 17 Long John (Traditional), 18 Cocaine Blues (Rev. Gary Davis arr. of trad. song), 19 VD Blues (Woody Guthrie), 20 VD Waltz (Woody Guthrie), 21 VD City (Woody Guthrie), 22 VD Gunner's Blues (Woody Guthrie), 23 See My Grave's Kept Clean (Lemon Jefferson), 24 Ramblin' Round (Woody Guthrie), 25 Black Cross (Lord Buckley arr. of Joseph S. Newman)

Please retain this info file and its LB number as a marker for this lossless set
and if you spread it please list it in the description to avoid others getting duplicates
