Bob Dylan - The Classic Interviews Vol. 2 - The Weberman Tapes

Telephone Conversation, New York City, New York 6 & 9 Jan 1971

Label: 2004, Chrome Dreams,  CIS2005

Audio Source: Mono telephone recording

Lineage: Silver - XLD - Flac 8

Number of Discs: 1

Artwork: included

Total running time: 49m 31s



Notes:

This legendary phone conversation between Dylan and Weberman is a riot! Weberman is so stupid and obnoxious that it's hard to understand why Dylan would waste an hour of his time talking to this moron, but the answer soon becomes obvious - Weberman is fascinating to talk to because his sheer lunacy takes your breath away. Despite Dylan's complaints to him and repeated references to A.J. as a "pig", he continues to talk to him out of morbid curiosity. When Weberman says something at one point about some backwards messages on the New Morning album, Dylan can hardly believe his ears. He's completely stunned and it's hilarious to hear Weberman seriously putting forth the notion that the backwards-masked messages "when Mars invades us" and "please don't expose me" were deliberately put into a couple of Morning songs. When Dylan, completely lost at this point, asks what he's talking about Weberman says "you know as well as I do because you put them there, man". This happens fairly early in the conversation and I would have said goodbye at that point, but Dylan hangs in there for more.

Weberman also had the notion that some of the songs were written for him. Dylan quickly puts that idea to rest: "I didn't even know about you when I wrote Dear Landlord". Dylan also affirms that Dear Landlord was not written about Grossman. He also states that his "message" songs were really messages to himself. In other parts of the conversation Dylan says how much he admires Johnny Cash and refuses to say one bad thing about the man. He also insists that his children be left out of any article Weberman has planned and says if they are included "my wife will hit me, man". Dylan also reveals a strong animosity toward Roger McGuinn - "Fuck him. You can put that in [your article] twice."

In another amusing exchange Dylan asks rhetorically who writes better songs than he does and Weberman replies "I can name you a hundred" to which Dylan replies "bullshit!". Weberman proceeds to name some pretty lame songwriters (and non-songwriters such as Jack Elliot) along with some good ones and Dylan gives his opinions, mostly negative. John Lennon: "never!", Creedence Clearwater: "bullshit!", George Harrison: "...maybe". Dylan's willingness to play this game with a twit like Weberman shows that he really gets a kick out of talking to this guy.

Weberman's political rhetoric is comically dated, dropping phrases like "White Panther", "Weather Underground", "capitalist pig", and his avowed purpose in annoying Dylan was to try to make him conform to his narrow idea of correct political thinking. The fact that Dylan is still here and all those pinhead "revolutionaries" of the late '60s and early '70s are long gone or have all jumped on the Reagan bandwagon speaks volumes. Listening to someone like Weberman talk for an hour leaves me no doubt as to why Dylan wanted to get away from the public eye for so long.

http://www.punkhart.com/dylan/tapes/71-weberman.html


This CD was again released in association with the Dylan fan magazine "Isis". It includes a 16-page booklet with a current article by A J Weberman, and a rare cover photo by Elliott Landy. The little girl with Bob is probably Maria, Sara Dylan's daughter by Hans Lownds. Bob's daughter Anna was several years younger.

R-0531-2 Telephone conversations with A.J. Weberman, New York, 6 & 9 Jan 1971
Thanks to John Caruth for information about this item.
The CD is a jewel case with a transparent tray, inside a slipcase with a booklet. The front and back covers of the slipcase and the booklet are the same as the front and rear inserts.


NOTE: The telephone conversations are presumably the excerpts found on the suppressed Broadside/Folkways LP "Bob Dylan vs. A.J. Weberman."

http://www.angelfire.com/wa/monicasdude/weberman.htm


"Bob Dylan vs. A.J. Weberman" - vinyl LP, Folkways FB 5322 (USA), 1977:

R-0531 Telephone conversations with A.J. Weberman, New York, 6 & 9 Jan 1971
This album was quickly withdrawn after legal action from Bob! It had an 8-page booklet giving the background to the phone calls.

http://www.searchingforagem.com/Interview.htm



Info:

1885
A. J. Weberman Telephone Conversation, New York City, New York

6 January 1971


Telephone conversation between Bob Dylan and A. J. Weberman


Note. Full conversation printed in The Fiddler Now Upspoke, Volume 1, Desolation Row Promotions, page 137.

Mono telephone recording, 2 minutes.

http://www.bjorner.com/DSN01885%201971.htm#DSN01885



1890
A. J. Weberman Telephone Conversation, New York City, New York

9 January 1971


Telephone conversation between Bob Dylan and A. J. Weberman


Partly released on BOB DYLAN VS. A. J. WEBERMAN, Folkways Records FB 5322, 1977.

Note. Full conversation printed in East Village Other, 19 January 1971 and reprinted in The Fiddler Now Upspoke, Volume 1, Desolation Row Promotions, page 137.

Mono telephone recording, 52 minutes.

http://www.bjorner.com/DSN01885%201971.htm#DSN01890



Tracklisting:

01 - Bob Dylan and A.J. Weberman In Conversation Part 1 - 12:02
02 - Bob Dylan and A.J. Weberman In Conversation Part 2 - 11:59
03 - Bob Dylan and A.J. Weberman In Conversation Part 3 - 11:58
04 - Bob Dylan and A.J. Weberman In Conversation Part 4 - 13:31



Torrent History: 
Originally seeded to tangledupintorrents by WilliamLee on February 9th 2009.



Rip made with XLD Version 20080926 (93.3).
- Test before copy
- Cache disabled
- Suspicious sectors verified
- AccurateRip confirmed

log, cue, m3u, ffp, md5, st5
and complete artwork as 300 dpi pngs included.
