Mann Music Center
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
1997-08-20
1.    Absolutely Sweet Marie
2.    It Takes A Lot To Laugh, It Takes A Train To Cry
3.    Tough Mama
4.    Shelter From The Storm
5.    Silvio (Bob Dylan & Robert Hunter)
6.   Love Minus Zero/No Limit
7.   Tangled Up In Blue
8.   Cocaine Blues (trad.)
9.   Stuck Inside Of Mobile With The Memphis Blues Again
10.    Tears Of Rage (Bob Dylan & Richard Manuel)
11.    Leopard-Skin Pill-Box Hat
12.    Like A Rolling Stone
13.    It Ain't Me, Babe
14.    Alabama Getaway (Robert Hunter/Jerry Garcia)

Gopherstick's Review
Sound: 9 (wild sound here, this must be what those nerds mean when they gush about Bob's 'ragged glory'. The vocals are clear 
and loud, there's nothing distant about this tape at all, everything is up in your ears without being saturated or compressed, a rare 
feat and nice job by the taper. The only grumble might be about the slightly mushy and heavy bottom end, but it's no big deal; 
I wish they were all like this. The sound improves to a stunning 9.5 during the acoustic set)
Highlights: the entire show
Comments: This one is a perfect example of why I started doing the Listening Guide. Fellow traders need to know about shows 
like this one. It's a great setlist, a great crowd (come on, a guy yells out a request for Tweeter and the Monkey Man, I mean, 
this is no ordinary audience) a great vocal performance, great Bob Talk and a great night of guitar playing. Bob is in a happy 
mood, too, he tells the crowd, "That was Neil Young's version of Shelter From the Storm." after the song, and before Stuck 
Inside of Mobil he deadpans, "We're...we're not trying to fool you with feedback. We're not trying to make you think we're 
doing something." The band sorts out the electrical problem then plays a great version of the song, which prompts Bob to 
opinion the audience, "I wanna see everybody clapping! Yeah...my drummer wants to see everybody clapping. He says if you 
ain't clapping, get outta here. [they begin Tears of Rage] He's just joking, though, I'm not sure how long he's gonna stay." Then 
he takes a breath and starts singing Tears of Rage like nothing, classic. As if that's not enough later on during the band 
introductions a fan rushes on stage and a guy next to the taper groans, "awww, no, he's kissing his feet!" Bob is so flustered 
he starts to introduce Larry as the drummer...
Bottom Line: Dead essential, a spectacular effort that proves beyond a doubt that bootleggers don't catch every good show. 
If I was in the business I'd call this "Fooling With Feedback" and stuff the second disc with a bunch of kick ass filler, the show 
is 100% worthy of such an infamous honor.


