Information from:

Olof Bj÷rner's
Bob Dylan
Yearly Chronicles

Fox Warfield Theatre
San Francisco, California
22 November 1980


 1. Gotta Serve Somebody 
 2. I Believe In You 
 3. Like A Rolling Stone
    Clydie King: You Are So Beautiful (To Me) (Missing) 
 4. Man Gave Names To All The Animals 
 5. Simple Twist Of Fate
 6. Fever (Johnny Davenport/Eddie Cooley) 
 7. Girl From The North Country 
 8. We Just Disagree (Jim Krueger) 
 9. Ain't Gonna Go To Hell For Anybody 
10. Slow Train  
    Carolyn Dennis: Walk Around Heaven All Day (Rev. James Cleveland/Cassietta     George
11. Abraham, Martin And John (Dick Holler) 
12. Rise Again (Dallas Holm)
13. Let's Keep It Between Us 
14. Mary From The Wild Moor (trad.) 
15. Solid Rock 
16. Just Like A Woman 
17. Se˝or (Tales Of Yankee Power) 
18. Mr. Tambourine Man 
19. Knockin' On Heaven's Door 
20. In The Garden 
21. Blowin' In The Wind 
22. City Of Gold 
23. It Ain't Me, Babe 
24. A Hard Rain's A-Gonna Fall
 

 

 

Concert # 12 of A Musical Retrospective Tour. 1980 concert # 65.

Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar),
Fred Tackett (guitar & mandolin), 
Willie Smith (keyboards), 
Tim Drummond (bass), Jim Keltner (drums), 
Clydie King, Carolyn Dennis, Regina Havis (background vocals).

 
7 Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar), Willie Smith (piano).
11, 12 Bob Dylan (piano & vocal), Clydie King (shared vocal).
13 Bob Dylan (piano) backed by the band.
14 Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar), Regina Havis (shared vocal), Fred Tackett (mandolin).
18, 19 Roger McGuinn (guitar & shared vocal).
23 Bob Dylan solo (vocal & guitar).

 

Note. Live debut of Fever.

 

BobTalk

Thank you. We're gonna slow things down a bit here. This is Clydie King, she's gonna sing a song called You Are So Beautiful.

Thank you all right. I know I can speak freely for myself and everybody in the band, that we really enjoyed this time at the Warfield. I know I speak for everybody when I say I do hope we do get invited back. (....) because when we came here last year, we came here with a show (....). That's enough for most promoters in the business to cancel out the rest of the shows but they didn't do that, they just (....). Anyway I ran into a girl here I hadn't seen since a while back and ..., she said I was a strange person and she told me why. She said you were born up in a certain area where the grounds are metallic. And actually she is right, where I come from the ground is metallic. As a matter of fact during the Second World War 90% of all the iron and steel that went into all the ships and the boats and airplanes and all kinds of weaponry, 90% of all the iron and the steel that went into all that came from area where I lived. (.....) Across the lake is a town called Detroit. And I got to go to Detroit once I think when I was about twelve or so with a friend of mine who had relatives there. Anyway, once, I can't remember how it happened but I found, I found myself in funeral parlor. Where people came to eat all day and they mingle all night and they had a dead man in the back. And that was the first time, see where Iĺm from, Iĺm (....) hear country music no Hank Williams, no Hank Snow, they played me all kind of things, but anyways this was my first time face to face with rhythm and blues in Detroit. And when I was about five years old there was a man who was singing this song here, I donĺt think I do it as good as he did, but Iĺm gonna try to do it anyway. (before Fever)

Thank you. Here's a new song that I started putting together this year, called I Ain't Gonna Go To Hell For Anybody.

Thank you. This is Carolyn Dennis she's gonna sing a song called Walking Around Heaven All Day.

Thank you. This is a new song Iĺm also trying to put together called Honey Let's just Keep It Between Us, Cause It May Get Out Of Hand.

We're gonna try and play an old song now, this is about 1200 years old. Yeah. A sort of old Southern Mountain ballad song that we all used to sing, one time or another. (before Mary From The Wild Moor)

Thank you all right we been here for 12 night I think, and different people have been stopping down. I wanna thank them all. Jerry Garcia was here, lets see, Elton John, Bruce Springsteen, Captain Beefheart. They all went through here one time or another. Anyway got another special guest, ha ha, tonight. Can't get away we know so many people you know. Anyway I first met this next man I think about, almost twenty years ago if not that. Probably was, and he was playing in a group, I don't remember the name of the group actually. But he went on and started a group called The Byrds, I'm sure you heard of them. Anyway we've played together before, been on tours together and all that kind of stuff. I'll bring him out here now, you know who he is, Roger McGuinn. (before Mr. Tambourine Man)

Roger played on this song too. He played on, we recorded it, how many years ago was that Roger? When did we do that? Right. (plays Knockin' On Heaven's Door) All right, Rogerĺs playing in the area, you go see him now.

Thank you, Clydie King, Regina McCreary and Carolyn Dennis. On the keyboards tonight, Willie Smith. Playing lead guitar tonight, Fred Tackett. On the drums Jim Keltner. Playing bass guitar, Tim Drummond. Special guest, Roger McGuinn. All right now, we gotta get out of here. I hope we come back! (at the end of In The Garden)

 
Bootleg
Highway 80 Revisited. RSR/International Label.

5 new songs (20%) compared to previous concert. 5 new songs for this tour.

Fingerprints and times do not match either LB-0196 or LB-0530. 
