Here's a link to an item I just purchased. The description is 
bogus. It's not from a 1965 concert, and it probably is just a 
bootleg acetate. However, I could not find a boot w/ this track 
listing in my Hot Wacks books. The interesting part is the Fantasy 
label. Lots of bootlegging went down in Berkley. You know John Fogerty says the Zantz that runs Fantasy was a scumbag, I wonder if he did a little bootlegging on the side? 
I'll let you know what's on it when I get it.


Acetate Notes


All references to the "In Concert" album are based on the Wild 
Wolf bootleg.

1) Who Killed Davey Moore: 10/26/63 Carnegie Hall, on "In Concert"
2) Gates of Eden: 10/31/64 Philharmonic Hall, Intro edited twice, 
also has a skip.
3) Bob Dylan's New Orleans Rag: 4/12/63 Town Hall, intro edited 
twice, on "In Concert"
4) Seven Curses: 10/26/63 Has a slightly longer intro than
version on "In Concert," two beats, and has the ending w/ 
applause.
5) Walls of Red Wing: 4/24/63 Outtake w/applause added on the
end. On Bootleg Series 6) If You Gotta Go, Go Now: 10/31/64
7) Mr Tambourine Man: ? Has the line "hidden leaves" instead 
of "frozen." To these ears it sounds as if Dylan is still 
getting comfortable w/ the song.
8) Hero Blues: Times outtake w/piano, w/applause added on the 
end. Laugh in the harmonica solo is reduced on acetate.
9) Percy's Song: 10/26/63 No intro as on "In Concert," has lots of 
audience coughing that is not on "In Concert" version.
10) Eternal Circle: ? Dedicated to, "anybody who plays an
instrument. It's not so easy." Opening line is "I strummed" 
instead of "I sang."

So my tally is 4 songs that were slated for "In Concert," two that 
ended up on Bootleg Series #6, two outtakes w/ applause tacked on 
to sound live. One of those is on Bootleg Series 1, and two definitely live songs 
that I can't place as to their source. The sound on the acetate is 
very uniform even though it is from different sources. Not varying 
like a bootleg. Edits are done professionally. No butchering. Audience fades out after each 
song, as on "In Concert." Songs without intros start out with the first 
guitar sound, they do not fade in, or are sliced as some 
collectors may do so only they have the complete version. Also the 
labels show signs of age. This does not look like somebody put 
this together yesterday as a goof.
The most interesting thing is the number 77182 on the side 1 label, when 
the Columbia job # for "In Concert" was 77110, according to Dundas
