Bob Dylan
November 8th, 2001
Air Canada Centre, Toronto

Sony ECM-MS907 Microphone -> Sony MZ-N707 Mindisc recorder -> Analog Line In -> 
Cool Edit Pro 2.0 -> WAV -> FLAC

I taped this concert November 8th, 2001, from the upper deck of the Air Canada Centre. It's
my first and only effort to tape a show. I guess it was more or less a curiosity to see how
it would turn out. That said, I was far from the excellent standard I so often see on these 
torrent sites, so please forgive me in advance. I never thought I'd share this show with anyone, 
but I'm glad I've gotten the chance now that I see it isn't documented anywhere else.

The show sounds distant and I'm hoping someone here can "remaster" it or do whatever to improve 
the sound quality. I don't seem to have that talent either, but I hope someone will download 
this show and put up a better version. The vocals are quite good, and with a bit of tinkering, 
I think this could be a show worth keeping and playing over and over. I'd rate the overall sound
at a B-. And I'm quite a stickler for sound quality. 

Also, All Along The Watchtower cuts out less than a minute before it ends. I guess that's about
it. Enjoy!

- Mike 

http://bt.easytree.org/announce.php



Humming Bird (acoustic) (Larry on electric) 
The Times They Are A-Changin' (acoustic) (Bob on harp) 
Desolation Row (acoustic) 
This World Can't Stand Long (acoustic) (Larry on mandolin) 
Cry A While 
Just Like A Woman (Larry on pedal steel and Bob on harp) 
High Water (Larry on banjo) 
Maggie's Farm 
A Hard Rain's A-Gonna Fall (acoustic) (Larry on bouzouki) 
John Brown (acoustic) (Larry on bouzouki) 
Tangled Up In Blue (acoustic) (Bob on harp)) 
Summer Days (Tony on standup bass) 
Sugar Baby (Tony on standup bass) 
The Wicked Messenger (Bob on harp) 
Rainy Day Women #12 & 35 (Larry on steel guitar) 
(1st encore) 

Things Have Changed 
Highway 61 Revisited (Paul James on electric guitar) 
Like A Rolling Stone (Paul James on electric guitar) 
Forever Young (acoustic) 
Honest With Me 
Blowin' In The Wind (acoustic) 
(2nd encore) 

All Along The Watchtower 
 
