Bob Dylan & Mick Taylor (former Rolling Stones guitarist)
05/29/84 (Second Show of the Tour)
Arena Di Verona
Verona, Italy

Converted by:	Fendert
Conversion:  ?>CDR>WAV>FLAC
Quality:	Very Good / Audience

DO NOT CONVERT TO MP3

This is the second show of the 1984 tour and I am putting it up on STG 20 years to the 
day after it actually happened.  This show shows the band getting it together a little better 
than the previous evening.  Dylan did not rehearse with this band very much before the 
tour started and when they did rehearse Dylan for the most part did NOT go over the songs that 
would be played on the tour.  He would work on songs that he never intended on playing 
live and left the band wondering what songs would be played at the show.  This happened even 
during the tour, as Dylan would go into a song the band had never heard and they would 
just have to go along for the ride.  So what happened?  The tour starts out a little rough 
but which each successive date the band gets better and better.  Right now is the 20th 
Anniversary of those shows and I thought it would be cool to release each show to STG 
on the date of the actual show plus 20 years.  They are tweaking the setlist on this one to 
what would become the general setlist for later dates and as usual is has some gems.  So, 
here is the second show and we'll see if I can keep up with the rest of the tour.  Enjoy.

BTW, These shows really highlight how BAD Santana was, playing in the wrong key, at 
the wrong time and playing a part which did NOT fit into the song.  What was Bob 
thinking with this guy?

Disc 1
01.	Highway 61 Revisited
02.	Jokerman
03.	All Along the Watchtower
04.	Just Like a Woman
05.	Enough is Enough
06.	I and I 
07.	License to Kill
08.	Got My Mojo Working

Disc 2
01.	It Ain't Me Babe
02.	It's Alright Ma
03.	Don't Think Twice
04.	Maggies Farm
05.	Masters of War
06.	Ballad of a Thin Man
07.	When You Gonna Wake Up
08.	Every Grain of Sand
09.	Like a Rolling Stone
10.	The Times They Are A'Changin
11.	Blowing in the Wind
12.	Tombstone Blues

