Bob Dylan, 23 Feb 78, Tokyo Budokan Hall, 2CDR

I couldn't find any recordings of this show so I mastered this one from my cassettes.
I expect that this is the same recording as LB-1238 

CD1
1 Hard Rain (instrumental)
2 Lonesome in my Bedroom 
3 Mr Tambourine Man, 
4 I Threw It All Away, 
5 Love Minus Zero/No Limit, 
6 If You see her say Hello
7 Ballad of a Thin Man
8 I Don't Believe You
9 Maggie's Farm, 
10 Girl from The North Country
11 Don't Think Twice. its alright
12 To Ramona
13 Like A Rolling Stone, 
14 I Shall Be Released, 
15 Going, Going, Gone, 

CD2
1 Sooner Or Later, 
2 Blowin' In The Wind,
3 Just Like A Woman, 
4 Oh Sister, 
5 You're A Big Girl Now, 
6 All Along The Watchtower, 
7 Simple Twist of Fate
8 All I really wanna do
9 I Want You
10 The Man in Me
11 Tomorrow Is A Long Time, 
12 Knockin' On Heaven's Door,
13 (band intro)
14 It's Alright Ma, I'm Only Bleeding, 
15 Forever Young, 
16 The Times They Are A-Changin'

BobTalk

Thank you. This is a song I wrote for a friend of mine a few years back. (before To Ramona)

Thank you. Very nice to be here in this country. (before Oh Sister)

Thank you. We're getting to learn that one. I wanna introduce you to some of the people up here. I bet you've been wondering who they are. Playing the horns tonight we have Steve Douglas. On the violin and the mandolin David Mansfield. These three young ladies at the back, on the left, far left is Helena Springs. In the middle is my ex-wife Jo Ann Harris. Debbie Franklin, on the left. On rhythm guitar we have Steve Soles tonight. On the bass guitar Rob Stoner. On the drums Ian Wallace from Great Britain. Lead guitar Billy Cross. On the organ Alan Pasqua, on the conga drums Bobbye Hall. (before It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding))

We're gonna leave you with this tune. It's been a pleasure singing here. Thank you very much. We're gonna be leaving town in about three days, but we'll be back, and we'll see you then. (before Forever Young)

 

