Information from:

Olof Björner's
Bob Dylan
Yearly Chronicles

Capital Centre
Largo, Maryland
5 October 1978
 
 1.  My Back Pages  
 2. I’m Ready (Willie Dixon)  
 3. Is Your Love In Vain?  
 4. Shelter From The Storm  
 5. It's All Over Now, Baby Blue  
 6. Tangled Up In Blue  
 7. Ballad Of A Thin Man  
 8. Maggie's Farm  
 9. I Don’t Believe You (She Acts Like We Never Have Met)
10. Like A Rolling Stone  
11. I Shall Be Released  
12. Going, Going, Gone  
13. One Of Us Must Know (Sooner Or Later)  
14. It Ain't Me, Babe  
15. Am I Your Stepchild? 
16. One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below)  
17. Blowin' In The Wind  
18. Girl From The North Country  
19. Seńor (Tales Of Yankee Power)  
20. Masters Of War  
21. Just Like A Woman  
22. Don't Think Twice, It's All Right  
23. All Along The Watchtower  
24. All I Really Want To Do  
25. It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)  
26. Forever Young  
27. Changing Of The Guards  
28. The Times They Are A-Changin'
 
Concert # 15 of the 1978 US Fall Tour. 1978 concert # 64.
Concert # 41 with the 1978 World Tour

Band: Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar), 
Billy Cross (lead guitar), 
Alan Pasqua (keyboards), 
Steven Soles (rhythm guitar, backup vocals), 
David Mansfield (violin & mandolin), 
Steve Douglas (horns), 
Jerry Scheff (bass), 
Bobbye Hall (percussion), 
Ian Wallace (drums), 
Helena Springs, Jo Ann Harris, Carolyn Dennis (background vocals).

 

1 instrumental without Bob Dylan.
5, 15, 21 Bob Dylan (harmonica).
14 Bob Dylan solo (vocal, harmonica & guitar).

 

BobTalk

Thank you. Here’s a love ballad I wrote a little while back. The story about three people in love. (before Tangled Up In Blue)

Thank you. We gonna take a break right here, for a short while. Anyway this next song I recorded a few years back with The Band, you remember The Band? Right, this is off an album we did called Planet Waves. Sold about four copies. (before Going, Going, Gone)

Thank you. This is a song I wrote in Mexico. I was on a train that stopped at a place called Chihuahua. (before Seńor (Tales Of Yankee Power))

Thank you. Thank you very much. We'd like to play this song for you. Anyway, we've been accused of playing disco music. Falsely accused of playing disco music. (before Don't Think Twice, It's All Right)

Thank you, all right. Can you hear the bass and drums out there tonight? All right! On the drums tonight, from Kingston, Jamaica, please give him a warm hand, Mr. Ian Wallace! On the bass guitar, Mr. Jerry Scheff. Actually, you’re a beautiful crowd. Just one of the best crowds we’ve ever had. Over on the organ, that's Alan Pasqua. Right there on the keyboards. On the lead guitar tonight, Mr. Billy Cross. On the rhythm guitar, from Tombstone, Arizona, the ever ready Mr. Steven Soles. He never sleeps. And on the mandolin and violin and sometimes lead electric guitar, the youngest member of the group, he's only fifteen years old. Doesn't smoke dope, he doesn't drink whiskey, he doesn't go out with women, he doesn't eat meat. Ladies and gentlemen, Mr. David Mansfield! On the tenor saxophone, Mr. Steve Douglas. On the backup vocals tonight my three girlfriends, sometimes girlfriends. On the left, Jo Ann Harris. An in the middle, Miss Helena Springs. A wonderful future and a great behind. On the left, Carolyn Dennis. On the conga drums, from Detroit, Miss Bobbye Hall. All right, thank you very much. Thank you a lot. This is called It's Alright Ma, I'm Only Bleeding.

Thank you, we're gonna go now. Anyway, we’ll leave you with this song. I wrote it a few years back for one of my kids and I recorded it with The Band on this same album called Planet Waves. (before Forever Young)

3 new songs (10%) compared to previous concert. 

Mono audience recording, 155 minutes.

No LosslessBob reference for this show.

