Bob Dylan
Kleinhans Music Hall
Buffalo, New York
30 April 1980

Musicians: Bob Dylan (vocal, guitar, harmonica & piano), Fred Tackett (guitar), Spooner Oldham (keyboards),
Tim Drummond (bass), Terry Young (keyboards), Jim Keltner (drums), Clydie King, Gwen Evans, Mary Elizabeth Bridges,
Regina Havis, Mona Lisa Young (background vocals).
Lineage: ? > CD-Rs > EAC secure mode > CoolEdit Pro > shntool > .shn
Sound Quality: VG - for the time period, G by today's standards
Sound Processing: minor noise reduction (based on samples of pure tape noise found at start & end of each side); nomalization (d1t01 & d2t09 had substantially higher volume than the rest of the show, so I evened it all out)
File Size: 626 megs .shn

disk 1

1. Gotta Serve Somebody - PA hum 5:42 > 6:02
2. I Believe In You - edit at end
3. When You Gonna Wake Up
4. Ain't Gonna Go To Hell For Anybody
5. Cover Down, Break Through
6. Precious Angel
7. Man Gave Names To All The Animals
8. Slow Train
9. brief snippets of Mona Lisa Young singing "Stranger In The City (Healing)" & Clydie King singing "Calvary"

disk 2

1. Do Right To Me Baby (Do Unto Others)
2. sermon prior to Solid Rock
3. Solid Rock
4. Saving Grace
5. Saved (Bob Dylan/Tim Drummond)
6. What Can I Do For You?
7. In The Garden
8. audience noise
9. band introduction prior to Are You Ready? 
10. Are You Ready? - edit at 4:32
11. Pressing On

-----------------------------

Bob Talk

(before Slow Train):
Well all kinds of things happening in the world today. ... just resigned. What do you think about that? Is that surprising? No
that's not surprising, stranger things have happened than that. Jesus is coming again though, that's important. 

(before Do Right To Me Baby (Do Unto Others):
Bob Dylan ain’t gonna save you. Ha. You're in trouble, Bob Dylan ain't gonna do anything. You need the Lord. 

(before Solid Rock):
Thank you. Well, how many of you out there, how many of you know that Satan is called the God of this world? Who knows
that. Prince of the Power of the air. He's a spiritual being nothing you can do to him. Anybody? Now Jesus Christ defeated
that power at the Cross, who knows that? These are dangerous times. A lot of people think Jesus was just some kind of meek
person who came around on Earth and helped others by being so meek. But that's not true. People say when under the power
of Jesus can't sin but chairs and tables can’t sin either that can't be it. Sin keeps the power of God in bondage. So sometimes
I go on and on and they say “Bob, don't preach so much.” Anyway Jesus did say blessed are those that mourn for they shall
be comforted. Well, it doesn't say exactly that. Exactly that it says "blessed are those that mourn for only they shall be
comforted." some Bibles say blessed are those that hunger and thirst after righteousness for they shall be satisfied. But it
really means only they shall be satisfied. Now we say all these things and you know if Satan is the God of this world all these
things don't seem to be true. Too strong and true. They don't seem to be good principles to live by because Satan doesn't like
that. Now I been talking about Satan now as a spiritual being. Not somebody you can see. But he can possess you. I didn't
know none of these things 4 years ago either. I don't know why I'm up here telling you this. But I always told you the truth, I
never told you to vote for nobody. Never told you to follow no guru. I never told you to buy no product. Never told you what
to wear or how to cut your hair. Some of you may not get it, some of you might. But I want you to know I could die right now,
this very minute. I know I still have eternal life. 

(before Are You Ready?):
Ladies and gentlemen on the keyboards tonight, from Muscle Shoals Alabama, Spooner Oldham. From Birmingham
Alabama on the other set of keyboards, Terry Young. From Little Rock, Arkansas, lead guitar Fred Tackett. On the drums
from Tulsa, Jim Keltner. Playing bass guitar tonight from Cincinnati, Tim Drummond. Young lady on the side there from
Dallas, Texas, Clydie King. Standing next to her, young girl from Houston Texas, Gwen Evans. Next to her from San
Francisco, Mary Bridges. Also from San Francisco a young lady who's been with me a while, Mona Lisa Young. Young girl
who told you the story about Jesus earlier, remember that story? Remember that name now. You might not ever hear that
name again, but I know you wanna be free. We all wanna be delivered don't we? Well. Jesus will deliver ya! You wanna a
doctor he'll cure you. You want a lawyer? He'll fight your battles. What ever you want he's all that. You know the Baptist he
baptized with water. Jesus he baptized with fire and the Holy Spirit. From Nashville Tennessee, Regina McCreary. 