Information from:

Olof Björner's
Bob Dylan
Yearly Chronicles

Civic Auditorium
Omaha, Nebraska
4 November 1978
  

 1.  My Back Pages  
 2.  She’s Love Crazy (Tampa Red)  
 3.  Mr. Tambourine Man
 4.  Shelter From The Storm  
 5.  It's All Over Now, Baby Blue  
 6.  Tangled Up In Blue  
 7.  Ballad Of A Thin Man  
 8.  Maggie's Farm  
 9.  I Don’t Believe You (She Acts Like We Never Have Met)  
10.  Like A Rolling Stone  
11.  I Shall Be Released  
12.  Seńor (Tales Of Yankee Power)        
13.  The Times They Are A-Changin'  
14.  It Ain't Me, Babe  
15.  One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below)  
16.  Blowin' In The Wind  
17.  Girl From The North Country  
18.  Where Are You Tonight? (Journey Through Dark Heat)  
19.  Masters Of War  
20.  Just Like A Woman  
21.  To Ramona  
22.  All Along The Watchtower  
23.  All I Really Want To Do  
24.  It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)  
25.  Forever Young   
26.  Changing Of The Guards
  

Concert # 36 of the 1978 US Fall Tour. 1978 concert # 85.
Concert # 62 with the 1978 World Tour Band: 
Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar), 
Billy Cross (lead guitar), 
Alan Pasqua (keyboards), 
Steven Soles (rhythm guitar, backup vocals), 
David Mansfield (violin & mandolin), 
Steve Douglas (horns), 
Jerry Scheff (bass), 
Bobbye Hall (percussion), 
Ian Wallace (drums), 
Helena Springs, Jo Ann Harris, Carolyn Dennis (background vocals).

 
1 instrumental without Bob Dylan.
5, 20 Bob Dylan (harmonica).
14 Bob Dylan solo (vocal, harmonica & guitar).


BobTalk

Thank you! All right, this is a love ballad I wrote I few years back. It’s about three people who all was in love at the same time. (before Tangled Up In Blue)

Thank you! We're gonna take a break here. Be right back. Here's a song I wrote in Mexico, a place called Monterey. (before Seńor (Tales Of Yankee Power))

Thank you ladies and gentlemen, your a wonderful crowd, you really are. I want to ..., I hope we come back here soon. All right, on the drums tonight, give him a warm hand, Ian Wallace. On the bass guitar, Jerry Scheff. On the keyboards, Alan Pasqua. Over here on the lead guitar, the oldest member of this group, born in 1921, ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Billy Cross. Yes sir! On the violin and the mandolin, the youngest member of the group, he's only fifteen years old, been with me for five years, David Mansfield ! On the rhythm guitar tonight, ha ha ha, on the rhythm guitar, Steve Soles. And on the tenor saxophone tonight, a man who used to play with Duane Eddy. Do you remember Duane Eddy? I'm sure that you must, anyway, the phenomenal Steve Douglas. On the backup vocals tonight, my ex-girlfriend, she's just happy to be in the group, Jo Ann Harris. In the middle, my current girlfriend, Helena Springs. We have to get along though. And on the left, my fiancée, Carolyn Dennis. Oh Lord! All right on conga drums, from Detroit, the most amazing Miss Bobbye Hall. (before It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding))

Thank you. We're gonna go now. We have to head out. I hope we played something right tonight. (before Forever Young)

No new songs compared to previous concert.

Trade CD > EAC > FLAC > HD > Hungercity > You

Only LB listed is LB-0564 a 3 CD set.  It is possible that this is from the same source and has been re-ripped but, without additional fingerprints and track times it is impossible to tell.