Bob Dylan, 4/10/06, Tucson, AZ, Tucson Arena, 2CDR

LB-3728, (54min+42min), Source: Sonic Studio DSM-6S Mics>Sonic Studios PA-6LC2 65 HZ LoCut>Sony PCM-M1 DAT, Lineage: Sony PCM-M1 DAT>Tascam CD-RW402>EAC>FLAC, NOTES:, 1)This is the 1st of my masters that I have ever torrented, so hopefully all will, work out in this 1st attempt at seeding. That being said, I could have never pulled, this off without the dedicated help of Roberto (Appleberry) especially, but also, Oecourt. I'd also like to thank Olav and Mick Audis for their kind offers, to help too. This is dedicated to you 4 for finally getting me to bear with the, first time jitters of attempting to torrent!, 2)The show took place in the old Tucson Arena - a miniature barn used mainly for college, hockey and truck shows, etc., so you can imagine how lousy the acoustics are - we've all, been to our share of these places. Unfortunately, I could not afford the $90 tickets on the, floor, so I settled for lower tier straight back for $47. The Arena is about 1/3 the size of, a place like Madison Square Garden, so that wasn't that far back, yet enough to catch the, lousy acoustics. Fortunately, I had no loud people around me, so the crowd noise factor, was good., 3)The recording myself I am not too happy with. I had issues with the level settings for the, first 3 tunes and a couple times afterwards too - very frustrating. Unfortunately, there are, occasional pops from my mic wires which are on the master DAT, mainly bewteen songs though., So I have to warn you to be, prepared for 2-3 severe mic adjustments (they get LOUD for a sec). If I was ranking this on, a quality scale, the best I could give it is "A-/B+". The vocals sounded muddy to my ears, but a pleasant surprise is they sound clear on the tape. Usually, my masters sound better, than this one, but it's still very listenable too IMO., 4)Merl Haggard opened up - he was quite excellent and I wished afterward that I had taped, him too (I was late from parking disaster traffic jam)., 5)Bob played organ whole show and a little harmonica.; bittorrent download 04/06; very good to excellent sound [B+]

has the indicated mic hits and level fluctuations

Disc 1:, 1)Maggie's Farm, 2)She Belongs To Me, 3)Lonesome Day Blues, 4)Queen Jane Approximately, 5)'Till I Fell In Love With You, 6)It's Alright Ma, I'm only Bleeding, 7)Make You Feel My LOve, 8)Highway 61 Revisited, Total: 53:13, Disc 2:, 1)Just Like A Woman, 2)Honest With Me, 3)Girl Of The North Country, 4)High Water, encore:, 5)Like A Rolling Stone, 6)All Along The Watchtower, Total: 41:33

Please retain this info file and its LB number as a marker for this lossless set
and if you spread it please list it in the description to avoid others getting duplicates
