#15 Bob Dylan and Mick Taylor (former Rolling Stones guitarist)
06-17-84
Stade De L'Quest
Nice, France

Converted by:	Fendert
Conversion:	Tape>?x>CDR>Wav>FLAC
Quality:	Very Good / Audience

DO NOT CONVERT TO .MP3 OR ANY OTHER LOSSY FORMAT


This is the 15th Show of Bob Dylan's 1984 tour with former Rolling Stones guitarist Mick Taylor. 
This is a GREAT show and in great quality, just simply stunning.  At this point in the tour every 
single show is great and every one has moments that transcend greatness to that next level.  This is 
a pleasure to listen too.  Dylan now is obviously having a great time.  He seems to be loving 
touring, he is connecting with the audience and interacting with the band musically.  It's all quite 
glorious.  Listen to Dylan's phrasing on "Tangled Up In Blue" at the line "As she tied the laces of 
my shoe." A line he's been singing at that point for 10 years.  Listen how he makes it seem fresh, 
how he emphasis the word "laces" and stretches it out.  The next time he'll emphasis another part.  
He is a master, giving something fresh to the audience every single show.  It's almost beyond 
comprehension.  The crowd here appreciates that.  Just listen to them after "Like A Rolling Stone."
A few interesting points of this show are that "Simple Twist of Fate" has been moved were 
typically "It's All Over Now Baby Blue" has been (has replaced it).  We also get the second 
performance of "Leopard-Skin Pill-Box Hat" (stop the presses, Santana is almost passable on this 
version).  Another night without "Tombstone Blues" and mercifully we are spared Santana's nightmare 
on "Blowing in the Wind."

Dylan stays strong the entire evening.  Listen to him sing his ass off on "Simple Twist of Fate" and 
even on the tired "Like A Rolling Stone" he is singing fabulously.  Wow, give "Why Do I Have To Choose" 
a listen! (and listen to Dylans guitar, it's great). Not only is his singing great but also listen to the 
harmonica solo on "Don't Think Twice."  Do you think he was into it?  It's great!  His interaction between 
guitar and harmonica here is impressive and moving.  Taylor and the band are right with Bob.  Taylor's solo
on "Every Grain of Sand" is very different from what he has been playing.  This song is very interesting to 
listen to by itself from the beginning of the tour until the end.  If you want to hear a master composer and 
craftsman at work give it a listen.  Taylor moves between simple solos, complex solos, slide solos, it all 
shows a glimpse of Taylor's mindset at that moment.  This guy is a modern day Mozart, just unbelievable!  On 
this night of course Santana botches the songs he plays on, especially "The Times They Are A Changing."  
Interesting enough on "Why Do I Have to Choose"  he seems to be playing a solo that actually fits the song, however, 
his tone is so incredibly bad that his solo is disregarded as just another attempt by Santana to 
"stand out" from the others.  My God man!  You are there with Dylan and Taylor!!!  Shut the hell 
up and strum the right chords if you can!  We get a few bonus tracks at the end of this courtesy of the 
trader who I got these from.  Feel free to delete these but there is the best "Man of Peace" of the 
entire tour here along with "Love Minus Zero – No Limit" and "All Along the Watchtower."  All 
are incredible.  Listen to Dylan sing, what a pleasure and the band does not disappoint either.  I 
think each is from the Offenbach show but I have not confirmed that.  

Right now is the 20th Anniversary of those shows and I thought it would be cool to 
release each show to STG on the date of the actual show plus 20 years.  So, here is the 
fifteenth show; only 12 more!!! We'll see if I can keep up with the rest of the tour.  So 
far so good!  What are we going to do when the tour is over?




Disc 1
1.	Highway 61 Revisited 
2.	Jokerman 
3.	All Along The Watchtower
4.	Just Like A Woman 
5.	Maggie's Farm 
6.	I And I 
7.	License To Kill 
8.	Imagination
9.	A Hard Rain's A-Gonna Fall (acoustic)
10.	Tangled Up In Blue (acoustic) 
11.	It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding) (acoustic) 

Disc 2
1.	Simple Twist of Fate
2.	Masters Of War 
3.	Ballad Of A Thin Man 
4.	Every Grain Of Sand 
5.	Like A Rolling Stone 
6.	It Ain't Me, Babe (acoustic) 
7.	Don't Think Twice, It's All Right (acoustic) 
8.	The Times They Are A-Changin'
9.	Leopard-Skin Pill-Box Hat
10.	Why Do I Have To Choose

Bonus Tracks
11.	Man of Peace
12.	Love Minus Zero - No Limit
13.	All Along the Watchtower





