Information from:

Olof Bj÷rner's
Bob Dylan
Yearly Chronicles

Richfield Coliseum
Richfield, Ohio
20 October 1978

	Disk 1	72:25.05
	  
 1.  My Back Pages  
 2.  Iĺm Ready (Willie Dixon)  
 3.  Mr. Tambourine Man 
 4.  Shelter From The Storm  
 5.  It's All Over Now, Baby Blue  
 6.  Tangled Up In Blue  
 7.  Ballad Of A Thin Man  
 8.  Maggie's Farm  
 9.  I Donĺt Believe You (She Acts Like We Never Have Met)  
10.  Like A Rolling Stone  
11.  I Shall Be Released  
12.  Going, Going, Gone     
13.  The Times They Are A-Changin' 
14.  It Ain't Me, Babe  
15.  One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below)
 
	Disk 2	61:55.05
 
16.  Blowin' In The Wind  
17.  Girl From The North Country  
18.  Where Are You Tonight? (Journey Through Dark Heat)  
19.  Masters Of War  
20.  Just Like A Woman  
21.  Simple Twist Of Fate  
22.  All Along The Watchtower
23.  All I Really Want To Do  
     Band Introductions
24.  It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)  
25.  Forever Young     
26.  Changing Of The Guards
  

Concert # 25 of the 1978 US Fall Tour. 1978 concert # 74.
Concert # 51 with the 1978 World Tour Band: 
Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar), 
Billy Cross (lead guitar), 
Alan Pasqua (keyboards), 
Steven Soles (rhythm guitar, backup vocals), 
David Mansfield (violin & mandolin), 
Steve Douglas (horns), 
Jerry Scheff (bass), 
Bobbye Hall (percussion),
Ian Wallace (drums), 
Helena Springs, Jo Ann Harris, Carolyn Dennis (background vocals).

 

1 instrumental without Bob Dylan.
5, 21, 22 Bob Dylan (harmonica).
14 Bob Dylan solo (vocal, harmonica & guitar).


BobTalk

All right, this is a ballad I wrote a few years back, concerning three people who were in love with each other, all the time. (before Tangled Up In Blue)

This is a song Iĺve been singing for quite some time. Funny how it means more to me now than it did when I wrote it. (before Ballad Of A Thin Man)

All right, we gonna take a break now, a break, a short break. Anyway, I recorded this song with The Band. Remember The Band? On an album we did called Planet Waves. Sold six copies. (before Going, Going, Gone)

Thank you. That was Masters Of War, that was Billy Cross on lead guitar.

Thank you. That was All Along The Watchtower, that was David Mansfield on the violin.

Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. On the drums tonight, give him a warm hand, please. From England, Mr. Ian Wallace. That's a real warm hand. All right, on the bass guitar now, Jerry Scheff. On the keyboards, the one and only Alan Pasqua. All right, on lead guitar, the oldest member of this group, Billy Cross. All right. On the rhythm guitar, a man who doesn't speak very much English. From Bogota, Colombia, plays his heart out though. Ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Steven Soles. Iĺm sponsoring him in this country, ha ha ha. On the mandolin, the violin, a young man who's been with me now for five years. He's only 15 years old. Give him a warm hand. DaveůDavid Mansfield. And on the tenor saxophone, the phenomenal Steve Douglas. On the backup vocals tonight to help me out. On the right, Jo Ann Harris. In the middle CarolynůHelena Springs. And Carolyn Dennis. And on the conga drums, from Detroit City, the most amazing Miss Bobbye Hall. This is called It's Alright Ma, I'm Only Bleeding.

All right, thank you. We gonna go. I wanna close with this song. Anyway, I wrote this a few years ago for one of my babies when he was a baby. Heĺs not here now, but I wanna sing it anyway. (plays Forever Young) Thank you very much. I hope we played something right. Thank you. Goodnight now. See you next time.

1 new song (3%) compared to previous concert. No new songs for this tour.

Trade CD > EAC > FLAC > HD > Hungercity > You

This is possible from the same source as LB-2863 based on times and track setup, but it is on a traded disk.  I don't know when JTT did this transfer and I have not traded in quite a few years so I can't be sure.