#11 Bob Dylan & Mick Taylor (former Rolling Stones guitarist)
06-11-84
Stadion Bieberer Berg, 
Offenbach, West Germany

DO NOT CONVERT TO .MP3 OR ANY OTHER LOSSY FORMAT

Converted by:	Fendert
Conversion:	Tape>x?>CDR>Wav>Flac
Quality:	Very Good / Audience


This is the 11th show with Bob Dylan and former Rolling Stones guitarist Mick Taylor.  
This is another very good bordering on great show and in great quality.  Parts of it are 
fantastic.  The crowd is very vocal on this one yelling out for songs such as (this one 
amazes me since this song had just been written less than a year before and was never 
released until years later) "Blind Willie McTell," "Solid Rock," and even the Rolling 
Stones / Mick Taylor classic "Time Waits For No One" (at the end of track 3, disc 2).  
Also someone yells out at the end of the first acoustic set "Where is the Band," which is 
quite a tribute to them as Dylan was putting on a great solo performance at the time.  
Taylor plays a fantastic solo on Greg Suttons "Imagination."  The setlist is fairly typical.  
"Man of Peace" is included this night (replaces "Simple Twist of Fate") and is really one 
of the better versions of it.  "Why Do I Have To Choose" is interesting because Taylor 
opts NOT to play slide on it (he plays the second solo on it this night).  Santana as usual 
ruins every song he plays on with his bad tone and solos that do not fit in with the music.  
One interesting thing that happened was that "All Along the Watchtower" was played 
twice this night.  Once in it's usual spot in the show and then as the last song.  Also, 
Santana's conga players are on the last couple of songs.  Right now is the 20th nniversary 
of those shows and I thought it would be cool to release each show to STG on the date of 
the actual show plus 20 years.  So, here is the eleventh show; only 16 more!!!  We'll see 
if I can keep up with the rest of the tour.  No artwork, enjoy

Disc 1
1.	Highway 61 Revisited
2.	Jokerman 
3.	All Along The Watchtower 
4.	Just Like A Woman 
5.	Maggie's Farm
6.	I And I 
7.	License To Kill 
8.	Just my Imagination
9.	Don't Think Twice, It's All Right (acoustic) 
10.	Tangled Up In Blue (acoustic)
11.	It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding) (acoustic) 
12.	It's All Over Now, Baby Blue
13.	Masters Of War 

Disc 2
01.	Ballad Of A Thin Man 
02.	Man Of Peace 
03.	Every Grain Of Sand
04.	Like A Rolling Stone 
05.	It Ain't Me, Babe (acoustic) 
06.	Mr. Tambourine Man (acoustic) 
07.	Love Minus Zero - No Limit 
08,	Tombstone Blues 
09.	Why Do I Have To Choose?
10.	The Times They Are A-Changin'  
11.	All Along The Watchtower

