Civic Center
Baltimore, Maryland
4 October 1978

My cassette > CDR > EAC > Flac

  	Disk 1	
 1.  My Back Pages  
 2.  Iĺm Ready (Willie Dixon)  
 3.  Is Your Love In Vain?  
 4.  Shelter From The Storm
 5.  It's All Over Now, Baby Blue  
 6.  Tangled Up In Blue  
 7.  Ballad Of A Thin Man  
 8.  Maggie's Farm  
 9.  I Donĺt Believe You (She Acts Like We Never Have Met)  
10.  Like A Rolling Stone  
11.  I Shall Be Released  
12.  Going, Going, Gone  
13.  One Of Us Must Know (Sooner Or Later)  


	Disk 2	
1.  It Ain't Me, Babe  
2.  Am I Your Stepchild?
3.  One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below)  
4.  Blowin' In The Wind  
5.  I Want You  
6.  Se˝or (Tales Of Yankee Power)  
7.  Masters Of War  
8.  Just Like A Woman  
9.  Baby Stop Crying  
10.  All Along The Watchtower  
11.  All I Really Want To Do  
12. band intro
13.  It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)  
14.  Forever Young    
15.  Changing Of The Guards
  
Concert # 14 of the 1978 US Fall Tour. 1978 concert # 63.
Concert # 40 with the 1978 World Tour Band: 
Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar), 
Billy Cross (lead guitar), 
Alan Pasqua (keyboards), 
Steven Soles (rhythm guitar, backup vocals), 
David Mansfield (violin & mandolin), 
Steve Douglas (horns), 
Jerry Scheff (bass), 
Bobbye Hall (percussion), 
Ian Wallace (drums), 
Helena Springs, Jo Ann Harris, Carolyn Dennis (background vocals).

1 instrumental without Bob Dylan.
5, 15, 21 Bob Dylan (harmonica).
14 Bob Dylan solo (vocal, harmonica & guitar).

BobTalk

Thank you very much. All right. This is a song I wrote a few years ago. Itĺs a love ballad about three people in love. (before Tangled Up In Blue)

This is an old song I wrote called Ballad Of A Thin Man. (ů..) disco (ů..), see what you think. I donĺt think itĺs too much disco. (before Ballad Of A Thin Man)

Thank you. Weĺre gonna take a short break here. But weĺll be back in a short while. This is a tune I recorded a few years back with a group called The Band. Remember The Band? Right. Anyway, it was on an album called Planet Waves. Sold about four copies, ha ha. (before Going, Going, Gone)

Ah, thank you. Anyway, this is a new song I wrote called Am I Your Stepchild.

Thank you. This is a new song I wrote (ů..) album called Street-Legal. Anyway, I wrote this in Mexico on a train ride from Monterey to San Diego. I fell asleep for three days. (before Se˝or (Tales Of Yankee Power))

Thank you. That was Masters Of War. That was Billy Cross on the lead guitar.

Thank you. That was All Along The Watchtower. That was David Mansfield on the violin.

All right. Playing the drums tonight, from Kingston, Jamaica, give him a warm hand, please, Mr. Ian Wallace. All right. On bass guitar, youĺve been hearing him all night, I hope, Mr. Jerry Scheff. All right. On the keyboards, Alan Pasqua. Lead guitar, Mr. Billy Cross. (ů..). All right. On the rhythm guitar now, from Tombstone, Arizona, (ů..) guitar player and (ů..) songwriter, Steven Soles. He doesnĺt speak any English. On the mandolin, violin and sometimes electric guitar, the youngest member of this group, he's only 19 years old. He doesn't smoke dope, he doesn't go out with women, he doesn't drink whiskey. He doesnĺt eat food! And his name is David Mansfield. On tenor saxophone, Mr. Steve Douglas. On the backup vocals tonight, three good friends of mine. On the right, Jo Ann Harris. In the middle, Helena Springs, and on the other side, Carolyn Dennis. On the conga drums, from Detroit, Bobbye Hall. All right, I'm Bob Dylan and this is called It's Alright Ma, I'm Only Bleeding.

Thank you. All right. We're gonna have to get out of here now. You're a beautiful crowd. I hope we played a few things right. All right. Weĺre gonna leave you with this song. If she's still out there I wanna say hello to Maria (....) (before Forever Young)

2 new songs (7%) compared to previous concert. No new songs for this tour.
