
The information below duplicates the information provided by Les Kokay in the setlist document.
I thought it might help to have it as a .txt doc, too.





Renaldo & Clara 
30 Oct - 8 Dec 1975 
source:  Les Kokay´s Stereo - Soundtrack from the film 

Tracks: 

Disc one 

01 When I Paint My Masterpiece 
02 Gas Station Blues In 'A' 
03 Kaw Liga 
04 Isis 
05 Ballad in Plain D (Gordon Lightfoot) 
06 In The Pines (Ronnie Hawkins) 
07 Hard Rain
08 Monolog III  (David Blue)
09 Nurses Song (A. Ginsberg) 
10 People Get Ready 
11 I Want You 
12 Need A New Sun Rising (Ronee Blakely) 
13 Salt Pork WV (Ramblin' Jack Elliot) 
14 Mule Skinner Blues
15 What Will You Do When Jesus Comes 
16 Little Moses 
17 It Ain't Me Babe 
18 Knockin' On Heaven's Door 
19 Hurricane 
20 She Belongs To Me
21 Catfish
22 It Takes Alot To Laugh, It Takes A
      Train To Cry

Disc two

01 Diamonds & Rust (Joan Baez)
02 If You See Her Say Hello 
03 Romance In Durango
04 One Too Many Mornings
05 Snippet Of Dialogue
06 House Of The Rising Sun
07 One More Cup Of Coffee 
08 Snippet Of Dialogue
09 Eight Miles High (Roger McGuinn)
10 Chestnut Mare (Roger McGuinn)
11 Sara
12 The Water Is Wide
13 Catfish (Rob Stoner)
14 Patty's Gone To Laredo 
15 Never Let Me Go 
16 Sad Eyed Lady Of The Lowlands
17 Tangled Up In Blue 
18 Just Like A Woman 
19 Knockin' On Heaven's Door

 
 
 
 
© 2001 Craig Pinkerton Bobsboots.com	Information: 
source: 
Les Kokay´s Stereo Tape of the Soundtrack from the film  
Released: 
2003
Quality: 
7-8 stars 


Les Kokay´s Introduction:

As it is 25 years since Renaldo & Clara screened, I thought it might be nice to give 
the stereo soundrack a wider circulation (I hinted about it here, a while back). 
Also since Dylan is on his way to NZ soon it would be appropriate to offer a rare gem 
back to the rest of the world.

The Renaldo and Clara s/t has been available on a couple of bootlegs for some time.
1. Renaldo & Clara (Norriaa) - a single CD from the film s/t (stereo), 
but very poor quality and misses out some important tracks.
2. Renaldo & Clara (reference recording) 2CD - actually a 2CDR, 
sourced from a video of the TV broadcast, so mono and also poor quality. 
A good selection of tracks.
These have both been re-bootlegged under different labels & covers.

I've recently remastered my own tape of the stereo film soundtrack to a 2CDR myself, 
and the result is significantly better quality than any of the bootlegs (IMHO). 
I had some difficulty about which tracks not to include. I eventally decided not 
to include any of the dialogue of the film (2) above included a couple of the 
David Blue monologues. I didn't include any of the non-dylan background music 
(moonlight sonata, the chopin waltz the roadie plays etc) and I missed out any music 
that I simply don't like listening to repeatedly (for example: In the Morning, Kaddish, 
God and Mama, Willkomen). For technical reasons I missed out Suzanne (Baez) 
and South Coast (Elliot) as these sounded very poor beside the other tracks. 
Hurricane I've edited to remove most of the dialogue, but still keep the flow of the song. 
BTW this Hurricane is actually the out-take with the 'robbing the bodies' line, 
and not a concert performance. All the other music is included in the order of the film. 
It is all nice wide stereo except for the opening track which for some reason is almost mono. 
The sound quality is not perfect, but it is much better than anything that has 
circulated before.

Les Kokay
 

