Bob Dylan 1998-06-28 Glastonbury Festival, Pyramid Stage, Worthy Farm, Pilton, England  
1 CD - 66.22

Taper unknown - Superior recording to LB-4964 which is described as  "close to mono; distant and muffled sounding" (see below) 
Source: CD-R Audio wav files >FLAC conversion with dbPowerAmp   

Front cover, insert and back by stewART included with torrent at Hunger City, July 2007

01 Leopard-Skin Pill-Box Hat 
02 Se隳r (Tales Of Yankee Power) 
03 Cold Irons Bound 
04 Just Like a Woman 
05 Silvio 
06 Cocaine Blues 
07 Masters of War 
08 Tangled Up in Blue 
09 Highway 61 Revisited 
10 Love Sick 
11 Rainy Day Women #12 & 35 
12 Blowin' in the Wind 

Concert # 144 with the 11th Never-Ending Tour Band: Bob Dylan (vocal, harmonica & guitar), Bucky Baxter (pedal steel guitar & electric slide guitar), Larry Campbell (guitar), Tony Garnier (bass), David Kemper (drums)

Other circulating version - 
LB-4964 (66min), Taper: Unknown., Source: Audio disks > 
(dBpowerAMP set to compression level 6) flac., (Thanks, SF!), I did not notice this show (at least in non-booted form) listed, at LB. I am upping this version in hopes that there might be, a superior alternative around.; bittorrent download 05/07; close to mono; not much above 14k; lego parapets; distant and muffled sounding 
1. Leopard-Skin Pill-Box Hat 4:10, 2. Se?or (Tales Of Yankee Power) 7:57, 3. Cold Irons Bound 4:00, 4. Just Like A Woman 5:26, 5. Silvio 6:32, 6. Cocaine Blues (acoustic w band) 4:49, 7. Masters Of War (acoustic w band) 5:01, 8. Tangled Up In Blue (acoustic w band) 7:14, 9. Highway 61 Revisited 5:02, 10.Love Sick 6:03, 11.Rainy Day Women # 12 & 35 4:45, 12.Blowin' In The Wind (acoustic w band) 4:40 

Reviews from Glastonbury -
Good Old Zimmy attracted the largest audience at the festival - it seemed, that everybody came to see him. I saw some people with small children, who took them to see the living legend - may be they won't understand much yet, but they could say, that they saw Bob Dylan playing Glastonbury. I've seen Bob in Tel-Aviv, 1993, and I liked that concert a lot, though I didn't know his songs too much those days. And I was looking forward to see him in Glastonbury again. Right before festival, being in London, I have read the review of Bob concert in Glasgow (together with Van Morisson), and the author was very disappointed - he felt that Bob can not do new things anymore, and only repeated the old hits, as he did them all these years. Of course, that was only his own opinion, but I waited for Dylan's set to see, whether it's true. And I'm telling you, he's wrong. 
The weather was sunny and wonderful (finally, we've got it !), when Bob and his band came to the stage. Their set was the only one on Pyramid Stage, that wasn't shown on the big screen - I guess that was requirement of Dylan management. I could see the entire stage pretty well, but what about people that stood farther ? Or those, who didn't want to enter this deep mood, and tried to see the show from the paths around the field ? I can't understand them, and can't understand, why did they asked not to show the set on screen (If they did). 
The performance of Bob &Co was very bluesy - they played many classic blues songs, and even "Blowin' in the Wind", Bob sang like blues. The greatness of this concert especially in the performance of greatest hits. Then they played "Just Like a Woman" I couldn't understand, what is that song - it sounded familiar, but I couldn't recognize it - the music was very different from the classic version. Only during the refrain, I got it. Same was with with "Masters Of War", "Highway 61", and especially "Blowin' in the Wind" - it was played TOTALLY DIFFERENT from what I've heard so many times. As for the best song of the set - that was "Love Sick" - very long version, with guitar solo, great blues, I liked it a lot. And that's new song - from the last album. Bob still writes great songs, and plays the old ones in the new manner - he is still rocking ! And it was very nice to see him, playing that good, especially after his last-year heart problems. - Anon.@ http://ulitsky.freeservers.com/eng/glastonbury/98/index.html

Rested, I returned to the fields of mud for the final bands of the day. Bob Dylan was in a remarkably good mood considering the horror stories I had heard about his unpredictable performances. He enthused that being here at Glastonbury was "a dream come true" before he and his band knocked out a set of bluesy folk rock. I'm not overly familiar with the man's catalogue, but I only recognized three songs ("Just Like A Woman", "Rainy Day Women #12 & 35", and "Blowin' in the Wind"), the latter two appearing over two one-song encores. The man definitely brought in the crowds for his performance, but you'd think his fans would have a little more respect for him than they showed. They often seemed more interested in rolling joints are goofing around in the mud than to pay him any attention, except to clap loudly as each song finished. 
By contrast, the exodus began before Nick Cave & The Bad Seeds took the stage, leaving only the faithful (and one person literally swimming in a mud pool) to appreciate a fine set of favourites from the man's career to date : "Do You Love Me", "Red Right Hand", "Let Love In", "Stagger Lee", "Brompton Oratory", "Lime Tree Arbour", "The Mercy Seat", "From Her To Eternity", "The Ship Song", and "The Weeping Song". Nick was his usual shy self and looked like he felt a bit out of place at this kind of festival gig, often singing to his drummer rather than to the audience. His band are still capable of making a hellish noise, but in general, things were a bit more subdued, suiting the vibe of Nick's recent releases. Blixa's monster beret provided the biggest giggle of the evening, but microphone problems marred his performance on "The Weeping Song". Similar problems struck Nick on "Brompton Oratory". I couldn't help but wonder what the BBC, televising the event, were making of Nick's awesome version of "Stagger Lee" which contained the word 'motherfucker' about every second line. - http://www.interlog.com/~lamedog/music/live/1998/glasto98.html

John Peel at Glastonbury - BBC review
1998 This year was one of Glastonbury's wettest, with more mud than you could shake a veggie burger at. Mud surfing and mud wrestling were popular sports, although some festival goers developed Trench Foot, a condition last common in the mud-filled trenches of the First World War. The site also had its first proper bank and the dance tent had grown in size.
Somehow Tony Bennett managed to keep the suit he performed in a pristine shade of white, although most at the festival had resigned themselves to layers of mud, blankets and wellies. Even John and Jo, broadcasting for the BBC, were practically clothed and spattered with brown.
Robbie Williams won several new fans with a rousing sundown set, whilst Bob Dylan and Blur provided more traditional Glastonbury fare. Tori Amos also played and a few derogatory comments from John earned him a year's worth of "letters written in green ink" from outraged Amos lovers.

One account of Nick Cave meeting Dylan - some time after his set which followed Dylan's, Nick was gazing out over a stretch of muddy water backstage when a figure passed by in a canoe, and shouted - "Loved the murder ballads Nick !".........
