BOB DYLAN
BIRMINGHAM GOSPEL
N.E.C ARENA
BIRMINGHAM
5 JULY 1981

AUD > TRADE > EAC > FLAC > DIME

1. Dennis-King-Havis-Quebec: Come On In This House
2. Dennis-King-Havis-Quebec: It's Gonna Rain
3. Dennis-King-Havis-Quebec: Show Me The Way Lord
4. Dennis-King-Havis-Quebec: Saved By The Grace Of Your Love
5. Gotta Serve Somebody
6. I Believe In You
7. Like A Rolling Stone
8. Till I Get It Right
9. Man Gave Names To All The Animals
10. Maggie's Farm
11. Girl From The North Country
12. Ballad Of A Thin Man
13. Simple Twist Of Fate
14. Watered-Down Love
15. Slow Train
16. Carolyn Dennis: Walk Around Heaven All Day (cut)
17. Lenny Bruce
18. Mr. Tambourine Man
19. Solid Rock
  
Disc Two
1. Just Like A Woman
2. Heart Of Mine
3. What Can I Do For You?
4. Masters Of War
5. When You Gonna Wake Up
6. In The Garden

Encore
7. City Of Gold
8. It Ain't Me, Babe
9. Knockin' On Heaven's Door

A month after the Bruce Sprinsgteen show I recently uploaded I was back in Birmingham to see Bob. A great seat, about ten rows off the front, mainly I think because I just missed put on the first night, so got to the front of the postal queue for night two. I've seen several claims about Bob being in poor voice on this night , but it didn't strike me as being particularly bad then, or now.

Received this concert in a trade several years ago, I know not from who, in exactly the condition it's in now. It's not often that this tape circulates with the gospel intro section intact, indeed it's a rarity I think to find it on any 1979 - 1981 shows, although I stand to be corrected.

This may be one of the two "released" versions with the gospel section added, or at least not subtracted, or a completely different tape, hopefully somebody can tell us.

Pity that Walk Around Heaven All Day is cut (hacked to death) because I remember it being a lovely song on the night, although many seemed to take it as an excuse to head to the bar on the night!!!

Fingerprints files and md5's included in each disc folder. 

Might be slow during the day, but will (should) speed up at night (UK Time). 

Philip
  
