Bob Dylan
Freileichttheater
Bad Segeberg, West Germany
14 July 1981
  

unknown aud>CDR>EAC>FLAC 

 


Saved (Bob Dylan/Tim Drummond)
 I Believe In You
 Like A Rolling Stone
 Till I Get It Right (Red Lane/Larry Henley)
 Man Gave Names To All The Animals
 Maggie's Farm
 Girl From The North Country
 Ballad Of A Thin Man
 In The Summertime
 Dead Man, Dead Man
 Forever Young
 Carolyn Dennis: Walk Around Heaven All Day (Rev. James Cleveland/Cassietta George)
 The Times They Are A-Changin'
 Let's Begin (Jim Webb)
  Lenny Bruce
  

Slow Train
Mr. Tambourine Man
Solid Rock
Just Like A Woman
Saved By The Grace Of Your Love (Willie Smith/David Palmer)
Watered-Down Love
Jesus Is The One
When You Gonna Wake Up
In The Garden
Blowin' In The Wind
It Ain't Me, Babe
Knockin' On Heaven's Door
  

 

 

Concert # 15 of The Europe Summer Tour 1981. 1981 concert #19.

Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar), Fred Tackett (guitar), Steve Ripley (guitar), Willie Smith (keyboards), Tim Drummond (bass), Jim Keltner (drums), Clydie King, Carolyn Dennis, Regina Havis, Madelyn Quebec (background vocals).

 

4 Regina Havis (vocal).

13 Bob Dylan & Clydie King (shared vocal).

19 Willie Smith (vocal).

25 Bob Dylan solo (vocal & guitar).

 

Notes

·          There was no opening gospel songs by the backup singers at this show.

·          3 partly broadcast by ARD TV, West Germany, 15 July 1981 and by ZDF TV, West Germany, 16 July 1981.

·          This show was recorded by Dylan’s crew.



BobTalk

Thank you. I wanna introduce you to a girl singer who's been with me for awhile from Nashville, Tennessee. Gonna sing a song for you called Keep On Falling In Love Until I Get It Right, and that's just what she's doing,

Thank you. Thank you very much- Here's another animal song, about a man animal. (before Maggie's Farm)

It’s raining out there, it’s raining here too. (before The Times They Are A-Changin')

Thank you. This here is Willie Smith. He's gonna sing a song he want to sing so bad, I can’t (....) sing tonight. Willie Smith’s gonna sing a song called Saved By The Grace Of Your Love. Ladies and gentlemen, Willie Smith.

Give him a hand, Willie Smith! Speaking about love, here's another song about love, watered-down love.

Thank you for coming ladies and gentlemen, we're gonna be here tomorrow night too. On the left one more time, Carolyn Dennis. Standing next to her Madelyn Quebec. Regina McCreary. On the keyboards, Willie Smith, backing vocals sometimes, Clydie King. On guitar Fred Tackett. On the other guitar there’s Steve Ripley. Can't leave out the bass player and the drummer. On the bass from Cincinnati, Ohio, Mr. Tim Drummond. He's about as old as I am. On the drums, Jim Keltner. All right, we're going now. Hope I come back some other time I could spend a couple of months here, it's so nice. Goodnight. (at the end of In The Garden)

Do you want to go home now? Get out of here? Get out of the rain? Thank you. (before Knockin' On Heaven's Door)

 

Bootleg

Hanging In The Balance. May Records LP.

 

6 new songs (23%) compared to previous concert. 1 new song for this tour.

 

Stereo audience recording, 125 minutes.

 

info compiled from: http://www.bjorner.com/DSN06290%20-%201981%20Europe%20Summer%20Tour.htm#DSN06450