Bob Dylan April 13, 1966
Sydney Stadium, Sydney, Australia

Tape source was a mono feed from soundboard to a Nagra tape recorder at 7.5 ips
Recorded by the film crew (sorry I don't know where I can find the films from this tour)

Unfortunately the beginning of She Belongs To Me is missing as the tape operator started the recorder with Dylan's performance already in progress.  
I have left the original track, and have also taken the liberty to fade this track in, as the master tape had abrupt miscues for seven seconds (which I deleted and then faded the music in using Cool Edit Pro).
The original track is D1T01 - She Belongs To Me
The edited track is D1T01 - She Belongs To Me fade in

Ihave done this so you the listener can choose which track you would want.
(Both are the same track - one with fade in, one with abrupt start.)

Also the dropouts in Desolation Row are on the original master reels.

Disc One is an acoustic set, Disc Two is an electric set with:
Dylan, Robbie Robertson (guitar), Rick Danko (bass), Garth Hudson (organ), Richard Manuel (piano), and Mickey Jones (drums).

Disc One:
She Belongs To Me (fade in or abrupt start - you choose which you'ld like)
Fourth Time Around
Visions Of Johanna
It's All Over Now, Baby Blue
Desolation Row (some dropouts from master reel)
Just Like A Woman
Mr. Tambourine Man

Disc Two:
Tell Me, Momma
I Don't Believe You
Baby, Let Me Follow You Down
Just Like Tom Thumb's B
Leopard-Skin Pillbox Hat
One Too Many Mornings
Ballad Of A Thin Man
Positively 4th Street

posted by cdtrader02 who added:

As for the "Jewels & Binoculars" line version, I'm not sure.
I recieved this in trade from friends in Australia a couple of years ago
and felt it was worth to pass it along.

Just finished doing research on the Genuine Live 66 set.  It seems to be from the same master, but reading about the numerous pops and feedback makes me wonder if the Genuine Live 66 set was digitialized at a higher volume or maybe from a 1st generation tape.  I'm not saying that this recording doesn't have some vocal pops, but the only feedback I have heard is during Visions Of Johanna, not Fourth Time Around, and that feedback is from the stage mics and not very long in duration.  Not having heard the Genuine Live 66 set, I can't say if this is better or the same, but I will agree it will make many people happy to have such a historic show.