Bob Dylan
December 2 1978 
Municipal Auditorium  
Nashville, Tennessee 

Taper: BS
Source: Flac files from taper.


Equipment: "Taped using a 3-head portable cassette recorder and electret condenser mic which 
was possibly above-average equipment for the typical audience stealth taper in those days."

From taper's masters list:
Dec 2, 1978 --- NASHVILLE, TN --- Tape --- C-121, C-122, C-122.1 >> DAT D-78-10 >> CD-78-27, 28
 (29 songs; complete) --- These are *stereo master cassettes* (source for filler tracks on 
CD: Hush Hush Sweet Charlotte). Note: Encore was not recorded, but the 2 encore songs included 
here (from Reel R-124) are from another recording (not my master). 


Taper's comments concerning his oeuvre:
Charlotte, Columbia, and the two Knoxvilles would be the most highly recommended.  Nashville 
and Memphis would be next.  Cincy is the most "distant".  Of course, my Charlotte recording 
has been commercially booted (and Knoxville 2/5 too), but the quality of the raw (undoctored) 
transfers tends to beat the bootleg discs by quite a ways.  I recently did a new transfer 
(via improved equipment & connections) to CDr from the original Charlotte Maxell cassettes 
which are still in surprisingly good condition, and that one sounds best ever.


Disk One
My Back Pages (instrumental) 
She's Love Crazy 
Mr. Tambourine Man
Shelter From The Storm 
It's All Over Now, Baby Blue 
Tangled Up In Blue 
Ballad Of A Thin Man 
Maggie's Farm 
I Don't Believe You 
Like A Rolling Stone 
I Shall Be Released 
Se˝or (Tales Of Yankee Power) 
The Times They Are A-Changin' 
Rainy Day Women # 12 & 35 
It Ain't Me, Babe (acoustic) 

Disk Two
Am I Your Stepchild? 
One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below) 
Blowin' In The Wind 
Girl From The North Country 
We Better Talk This Over 
Masters Of War 
Just Like A Woman 
To Ramona 
All Along The Watchtower 
All I Really Want To Do 
It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding) 
Forever Young 
Changing Of The Guards 
I'll Be Your Baby Tonight
