Information from:

Olof Björner's
Bob Dylan
Yearly Chronicles

Western Springs Stadium
Auckland, New Zealand
9 March 1978

 1.  A Hard Rain's A-Gonna Fall  
 2.  Love Her With A Feeling (Tampa Red)  
 3.  Mr. Tambourine Man 
 4.  I Threw It All Away  
 5.  Shelter From The Storm  
 6.  Love Minus Zero/No Limit  
 7.  Girl From The North Country  
 8.  Ballad Of A Thin Man  
 9.  Maggie's Farm  
10.  The Man In Me  
11.  Like A Rolling Stone  
12.  I Shall Be Released  
13.  Going, Going, Gone    
14.  One Of Us Must Know (Sooner Or Later)  
15.  You're A Big Girl Now  
16.  One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below)  
17.  Blowin' In The Wind  
18.  I Want You  
19.  Don't Think Twice, It's All Right  
20.  Just Like A Woman  
21.  Oh, Sister (Bob Dylan–Jacques Levy/Bob Dylan)  
22.  Tomorrow Is A Long Time  
23.  All Along The Watchtower  
24.  I Don’t Believe You (She Acts Like We Never Have Met)  
25.  All I Really Want To Do  
26.  Simple Twist Of Fate  
27.  It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)  
28.  Forever Young  
29.  The Times They Are A-Changin'
  
Concert # 12 of the 1978 Far East Tour. 1978 concert # 12.
Concert # 12 with the Far East Band 1978: 
Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar), 
Billy Cross (lead guitar), 
Alan Pasqua (keyboards), 
Steven Soles (rhythm guitar, backup vocals), 
David Mansfield (violin & mandolin), 
Steve Douglas (horns), 
Rob Stoner (bass), 
Bobbye Hall (percussion), 
Ian Wallace (drums), 
Helena Springs, Jo Ann Harris, Debbie Dye (background vocals).

 
1 instrumental without Bob Dylan.
6, 20, 26 Bob Dylan (harmonica).

BobTalk

Thank you. Wanna say hello to the Highway 61 Motorcycle Club. (after Mr. Tambourine Man)

Thank you. Here's a song I wrote a few years back, about a couple of friends of mine who disintegrated. <inaudible> back in the States of course. (before Simple Twist Of Fate)

Thank you. You're awfully kind and wonderful tonight. We have to introduce to some of these people. On the horns tonight, the tenor saxophone, flugelhorn, lots of different types of horns, Mr. Steve Douglas. Standing right next to him is a young man who gave up the profession of being a preacher to play in this band, playing the mandolin. He's a young man but he's full of talent. We're trying to show him around the world, Mr. David Mansfield. Standing next to him is a man who gave up the profession of being a racing car driver, from Bogotá, Colombia, on rhythm guitar Steve Soles. Playing the keyboards tonight, Alan Pasqua. Bass guitar, Rob Stoner. On the drums a young man who's playing in just about every group. You've probably seen him many times before, Mr. Ian Wallace. On background vocals tonight we have three young ladies. On the left is my next door neighbor, Helena Springs. On the right is a young woman with a great future ahead of her. She's going back after this tour to take over the Mormon Tabernacle choir, Miss Debbie Dye. And in the middle, this is my childhood sweetheart, I've been wanting to sing with her for years and years, Jo Ann Harris. On the conga drums, Bobbye Hall. Lead guitar, Billy Cross. Thank you very much we're gonna play this song. It's called It's Alright Ma, I'm Only Bleeding.

Thank you very much. You’ve been a very pleasant, kind audience tonight. We're gonna hit the road, we have to be in Bangkok to play, tomorrow, 6:30 breakfast show! (before Forever Young)

3 new songs (10%) compared to previous concert. No new songs for this tour.

Trade CD > EAC > FLAC > HD > Hungercity > You