Bob Dylan
March 21, 1978
Myer Music Bowl
Melbourne, Australia 

recording made from my 1st gen tape.

CD1 
1 A Hard Rain's A-Gonna Fall (instrumental) 2 Love Her With Feeling 3 Mr.Tambourine Man 4 I Threw It All Away 5 Shelter From The Storm 6 Love Minus Zero/No Limit 7 Girl From The North Country 8 Ballad Of A Thin Man 9 Maggie's Farm 10 I Don't Believe You 11 Like A Rolling Stone 12 I Shall Be Released 13 Going, Going, Gone 

CD2 
1 One Of Us Must Know (Sooner Or Later) 2 You're A Big Girl Now 3 One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below) 4 Blowin' In The Wind 5 I Want You 6 Don't Think Twice, It's All Right 7 Just Like A Woman 8 Oh,Sister 9 To Ramona 10 All Along The Watchtower 11 The Man in Me 12 All I Really Want To Do 13 It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding) 14 Forever Young 15 The Times They Are A-Changin' 16 Knockin' On Heaven's Door


BobTalk

Thank you. If you haven’t guessed that song is called Ballad Of A Thin Man. This is called I Ain’t Gonna Work On Maggie’s Farm No More. (after Ballad Of A Thin Man)

Thank you. We wanna say hello to the Lord Mayor tonight. Tell him to stand up and take a bow. The Lord Mayor of…..something. I thought this man back here was Lord Mayor. (after Oh Sister)

Thank you. That was David Mansfield on the violin. (…..). I’m gonna play this for my good friend who’s here tonight. (after All Along The Watchtower)

Thank you. On the keyboards tonight, Alan Pasqua. Alan used to be an airline pilot.. On the tenor saxophone and (symptophone). E flat. Mr. Steve Douglas. On the violin and the mandolin, eighteen year old genius David Mansfield. Never had a woman. David’s the man. All right. A best selling author from South America, Mr. Steve Soles on rhythm guitar. Yes, he can fly. On the bass guitar (…..) the Rolling Thunder Revue. He never (says) anything. Rob Stoner on bass guitar. On the drums from Kingston, Jamaica, Ian Wallace. Conga drums Bobbye Hall. And these very beautiful young ladies here, on the right is my fiancé, she's a real tiger. Debbie Dye. On the left the girl that makes me cry every night, Helena Springs. And in the middle my present girl, Jo Ann Harris. Lead guitar Billy Cross. This is called It's Alright Ma, I'm Only Bleeding.

