Bob Dylan, 4/20/87, Los Angeles, California. Sports Arena, 1CDR

LB-4973, (10min), version "a"; (1st Gen Cass.>Remaster>Speed Fix), History should be: Unknown taper/equipment/tape > 1st gen. cassette > Francesco Donadel remaster > CDR > CDR (Mine) > EAC Secure > Goldwave (speed correction only) > WAV > FLAC, Comments:, First of all, this is a pretty nice recording, which sounds a lot better if you EQ it (turn up the treble), but one thing to note is that the taper seems to have been a little nervous, because when the audience gets loud, it sounds like he/she turns down the recording level. It's not a huge deal though. This was one of Francesco Donadel's remasters, supposedly transferred from a first generation cassette. I don't know what he did to it exactly but I remember an old version of this I had being a bit rough on the high end (clipping I think), and I think he may have done something about that, but I'm not sure. What he didn't do, however, is fix the speed, so I did this, as it was off by about the same amount as most other shows that play too fast., On this night, U2 performed three Bob Dylan songs, which sounds like a lot except that two of them were done with Bob Dylan himself. During, Knockin', Bono mentions coming back and seeing a thousand more bands in the streets, I think this might be referring to the video shoot for Streets, done in LA, but I am not sure. Bono says, You know I usually make up my own words to Bob Dylan songs; he says he doesn't mind., Bob says, Hey I do it too., Flaws I noticed (all OK):, WTSHNN 1:15-1:18 pop left channel and then tiny miniscule skip, Some skipping in, New Year's Day, that is also on other versions of the show, A click at "40" at 4:11 on the CDs received by Justin Cook; bittorrent download 05/07; part of U2 show;  has double tv band; very good to excellent sound [B+]

7. I Shall Be Released (with Bob Dylan), 8. Knockin' on Heaven's Door (with Bob Dylan)

Please retain this info file and its LB number as a marker for this lossless set
and if you spread it please list it in the description to avoid others getting duplicates
