(1st Gen Cass.>Remaster>Speed Fix)

Disc 1:
1. Where the Streets Have No Name
2. I Will Follow
3. I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For/Exodus
4. MLK
5. The Unforgettable Fire
6. Bullet the Blue Sky
7. Running to Stand Still
8. Exit/Gloria
9. In God's Country
10. Sunday Bloody Sunday
11. Maggie's Farm/School’s Out/Cold Turkey
Disc 2:
1. Bad/Ruby Tuesday/Sympathy for the Devil
2. October
3. New Year's Day
4. Pride (In the Name of Love)
5. With or Without You/Love Will Tear Us Apart
6. Gloria
7. I Shall Be Released (with Bob Dylan)
8. Knockin' on Heaven's Door (with Bob Dylan)
9. "40"

Source:
April 20, 1987, Los Angeles, California. Sports Arena

History should be: Unknown taper/equipment/tape > 1st gen. cassette > Francesco Donadel remaster > CDR > CDR (Mine) > EAC Secure > Goldwave (speed correction only) > WAV > FLAC

Comments:

First of all, this is a pretty nice recording, which sounds a lot better if you EQ it (turn up the treble), but one thing to note is that the taper seems to have been a little nervous, because when the audience gets loud, it sounds like he/she turns down the recording level.  It’s not a huge deal though. This was one of Francesco Donadel’s remasters, supposedly transferred from a first generation cassette.  I don’t know what he did to it exactly but I remember an old version of this I had being a bit rough on the high end (clipping I think), and I think he may have done something about that, but I’m not sure.  What he didn’t do, however, is fix the speed, so I did this, as it was off by about the same amount as most other shows that play too fast.

On this night, U2 performed three Bob Dylan songs, which sounds like a lot except that two of them were done with Bob Dylan himself.  During “Knockin’” Bono mentions coming back and seeing a thousand more bands in the streets, I think this might be referring to the video shoot for Streets, done in LA, but I am not sure. Bono says “You know I usually make up my own words to Bob Dylan songs; he says he doesn’t mind.” Bob says “Hey I do it too.”

Flaws I noticed (all OK): 
WTSHNN 1:15-1:18 pop left channel and then tiny miniscule skip
Some skipping in “New Year’s Day” that is also on other versions of the show
A click at "40" at 4:11 on the CDs received by Justin Cook
