Early Recordings Vol. III
Walls Of Concert Halls

size: 662mb

1st generation (my own) CDR-->EAC-->*.wav-->FLAC fronted-->*.flac


disc one:

1)  Pretty Peggy-O (Trad.)
2)  In The Pines (Leadbelly)
3)  Gospel Plow (Trad.)
4)  1913 Massacre (W. Guthrie)
5)  Backwater Blues (B. Smith)
6)  A Long Time A-Growin' (Trad.)
7)  Fixin' To Die (B. White)
8)  Sally Gal (adpt. to W. Guthrie)
9)  Highway 51 (C. Jones)
10) Talkin' John Birch Paranoid Blues
11) Ballad Of Hollis Brown
12) A Hard Rain's A-Gonna Fall
13) Who Killed Davey Moore?
14) Talkin' John Birch Paranoid Blues
15) Lay Down Your Weary Tune


disc two:

1)  Percy's Song
2)  Seven Curses
3)  When The Ship Comes In
4)  Ramblin' Down Through The World (adpt. to W. Guthrie)
5)  Bob Dylan's Dream
6)  Walls Of Red Wing
7)  All Over You
8)  Hero Blues
9)  John Brown
10) Tomorrow Is A Long Time
11) Dusty Old Fairgrounds
12) Who Killed Davey Moore?
13) Bob Dylan's New Orleans Rag
14) You've Been Hiding Too Long
15) With God On Our Side
16) Masters Of War
17) Last Thoughts On Woody Guthrie


disc one tracks 1-7: Nov. 04 1961, New York, NY, Carnegie Chapter Hall.

disc one tracks 8-12: "Allstars Hootenanny", Sept. 22 1962, New York, NY, Carnegie Hall.

disc one tracks 13-15 and disc two tracks 1-3: Oct. 26 1963, New York, NY, Carnegie Hall.

disc two tracks 4-17: April 12 1963, New York, NY, Town Hall.


All tracks remastered. Pretty good quality here. All recordings are soundboard, exept for the second one, which is an audience, but for this early time pretty good too. Sadly none of the recordings include a full show. The first two are at least continous. The last two are single tracks exept for disc one tracks 14&15 and disc two tracks 1&2, 4&5, 6&7, 9&10, 11&12 and 14-17 (at least those songs came after each other in the concert. Often I cutted them together here from different scource-tapes and sometimes the applause of the first song just fades out and then the next song comes).

The Carnegie Chapter Hall concert:
This is Bob Dylan's first real concert. This circulating soundboard tape here cuts sadly during the introduction of the song after Fixin' To Die. The quality is pretty good, but it seems as Dylan moved a lot around on the stage and because of that, the volume staggers all the time. A few times it was even a little too high for the microphones what produced a some kinda "ramble"-noise.

The Carnegie Hall Allstars Hootenanny:
IMO one of the most underrated tapes. Always described as a "poor audience recording", but it isn't too bad at all. Compared with audience tapes from '64-'66 it's even pretty good. It contains the only circulating live-performances of Sally Gal and Highway 51 and the first live-performance at all of Talkin' John Birch Paranoid Blues, Ballad Of Hollis Brown (first known recording at all) and A Hard Rain's A-Gonna Fall (first or second known recording at all). Though there's some crowd-rustle during the whole tape the audinece is pretty low during the songs and the tape is IMO pretty good enyojable. Vocals and instruments can both be heard pretty good all the time and they are not bad balanced. Of course the quality is lower than on the soundboard tapes here, but if you like recordings, where you get the feeling of "beeing really there inbetween the audinece", this is exactly the one to get from the early '60.

The Carnegie Hall concert '63:
Though the whole concert was recorded by CBS for the never released live-album "In Concert" only the 5 songs which should be used on there and the officially released Talkin' John Birch Paranoid Blues are in circulation. But on the other side, the quality here is near perfection. I removed nearly all vinyl-crackles and the last rest of tapehiss from the acetate tracks.

The Town Hall concert '63:
This was Dylan's first bigger concert. It was also recorded by CBS for "In Concert" but more then the half concert is in circulation (though some of the most interesting songs as Highway 51, which I personally anyway don't believe, that it was performed, or Ballad Of Hollis Brown don't circulate). IMO CBS should definitely have released this one here instead of the Halloween concert '64. This would have been much more interesting. Exept for the second half of Silver Dagger, everybody has the Halloween concert already. But back to the Town Hall concert: The quality here differs from song to song here. Some are near perfection and some are from Xth generation tapes and not that good. I included here from all songs the most complete recording. As far as I know, this concert wasn't in this complete form in circulation yet. There's a disc from dylanvine out there, containing all this songs here as well, but a little bit of the talking between the songs isn't included there and IMO they used a way too high tapehiss-filter.


This is the third one of the Early Recordings series. I'm still missing one song for Vol. VI, so it will probably take yet some time, until I have it finish. I'm also working on other remasterprojects. Maybe they'll be finish earlier. I hope you enjoy the first three and are patient for the other ones :-).
-Bob T. Guevara