Bob Dylan
Pavillon de Paris
Paris, France 
July 4, 1978
 
Taper: Unknown
Lineage: Reel to Reel Master>DAT>CD-R(Audio Catalyst)wav>(flacfrontend)flac8. 

Disc One:

1. My Back Pages (Instrumental)
2. She's Love Crazy
3. Baby Stop Crying
4. Mr. Tambourine Man
5. Shelter From The Storm
6. It's All Over Now, Baby Blue
7. Tangled Up In Blue
8. Ballad Of A Thin Man  
9. Maggie's Farm
10. I Don’t Believe You (She Acts Like We Never Have Met)  
11. Like A Rolling Stone 
12. I Shall Be Released 
13. Going, Going, Gone
14. Rainy Day Women # 12 & 35 (Instrumental)
15. True Love Tends To Forget
16. It Ain't Me, Babe

Disc Two:

1. The Man In Me
2. One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below)
3. Blowin' In The Wind
4. I Want You
5. Seńor (Tales Of Yankee Power)
6. Masters Of War
7. Just Like A Woman
8. We Better Talk This Over
9. All Along The Watchtower
10. All I Really Want To Do
11. It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)
12. Forever Young
13. I'll Be Your Baby Tonight
14. The Times They Are A-Changin'

Concert # 20 with the 1978 World Tour Band:
Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar), 
Billy Cross (lead guitar), 
Alan Pasqua (keyboards), 
Steven Soles (rhythm guitar, backup vocals), 
David Mansfield (violin & mandolin), 
Steve Douglas (horns), 
Jerry Scheff (bass), 
Bobbye Hall (percussion), 
Ian Wallace (drums), 
Helena Springs, Jo Ann Harris, Carolyn Dennis (background vocals).

Instrumentals without Bob Dylan.

16 Bob Dylan solo (vocal, guitar & harmonica).

6, 23 Bob Dylan (harmonica).

Note. Live debut of We Better Talk This Over.

BobTalk

All right thank you. This is off the new one. A real “chanson”, Tales Of Yankee Power.

Thank you. I wanna introduce the band to you. I know you wanna know them. So, on the drums 
tonight, from Great Britain, Ian Wallace. On the bass guitar, a very fine bass player, 
Mr. Jerry Scheff. On the keyboards, from the great state of New Jersey, Alan Pasqua. 
From Mobile, Alabama on the lead guitar, Billy Cross. From Detroit, on the conga drums, 
Miss Bobbye Hall. On the rhythm guitar tonight, a young man, a songwriter in his own right, 
Mr. Steven Soles. The youngest member of the group, he’s right over here, he's only a baby, 
he just learned how to play the violin last week. Plays the violin and the mandolin, 
David Mansfield. On the tenor saxophone, a young man who gave up a career as a scientist 
to join this band, Mr. Steve Douglas. On the background vocals tonight, three young ladies 
who deserve much appreciation, I assure you, give them a big hand. On the right, my fiancée, 
Carolyn Dennis. On the right, my cousin, Jo Ann Harris. And in the middle, a young lady 
who’s got a great future, Miss Helena Springs. This is a song from 1964, I think. 
Recorded in New York City, called It's Alright Ma, I'm Only Bleeding.

Thank you, thank you very much. It's great to be here. I'm gonna leave you with this tune. 
Yes we have to go. Too bad we have to. This is a tune I recorded with The Band an album 
called Planet Waves. (before Forever Young)

2 new songs (6%) compared to previous concert. 2 new songs for this tour.

Thanks to Olof!
Enjoy!
Charlespoet
