Bob Dylan, 9/19/78, Montreal, 2CDR

(60min+79min), CEDAR Shingles 003, This show survives in two known source recordings, according to Project '78:, the more common of these recordings is more-or-less complete (three songs are clipped at the beginning or end), but it plays at the wrong speed and is in mono, the less common of these is much better sounding (it's richer in tone, in full stereo, and plays at the correct speed), but it is also far from complete -- the taper managed to catch only 18 full and 4 partial songs of the 27 that Bob played, This remaster reconstructs the show using the best surviving version of every song played. Accordingly, there are 9 tracks culled from the mono tape -- speed-corrected, de-hissed, compressed and normalised where necessary, EQ'd to taste, and placed into slight "fake stereo" for added depth. These are combined with the 18 complete songs from the stereo tape, which have also been tidied up to the best of my abilities., Both of these tapes vary in quality considerably throughout, so I ended up having to interfere a little more than I would have liked to balance the sound of the whole show out. On the whole, I think I managed to cover up many of these idiosyncrasies of the source recordings, but a few audible problems still remain -- for example, there's still a noticeable volume shift during "One of Us Must Know" that I simply couldn't hide -- it appears to coincide with the taper opening a bottle of beer., My source for the stereo tape is derived digitally from the master by the original taper (or so I am told); my source for the mono tape is said to be "low generation" and was the best sounding copy I could find. All remastering work (speed correction, splicing, de-hissing, compressing, EQing, expanding, etc.) was done using CoolEdit, with an Ultrafunk Compressor plug-in. The final mix was then extracted to SHN using mkwACT, and the sector boundaries were confirmed using SHNtool., Enjoy!, -- Rob (d1t1-5, d2t1,2,12,15 are from the more common recording); very good to excellent sound

small pop caused by discontinuity at d1t2 0:53, 1:16

Disc 1, 1. My Back Pages (instrumental), 2. I'm Ready, 3. Is Your Love In Vain?, 4. Shelter From the Storm, 5. It's All Over Now, Baby Blue, 6. Tangled Up In Blue, 7. Ballad of a Thin Man, 8. Maggie's Farm, 9. I Don't Believe You, 10. Like a Rolling Stone, 11. I Shall Be Released, 12. Going, Going, Gone, 

Disc 2, 1. One Of Us Must Know (Sooner Or Later), 2. It Ain't Me, Babe, 3. Am I Your Stepchild?, 4. One More Cup of Coffee (Valley Below), 5. Blowin' In the Wind, 6. I Want You, 7. Senor (Tales of Yankee Power), 8. Masters of War, 9. Just Like A Woman, 10. Baby, Stop Crying, 11. All Along the Watchtower, 12. All I Really Want To Do, 13. It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding), 14. Forever Young, 15. Changing of the Guards
