#13 Bob Dylan and Mick Taylor (former Rolling Stones guitarist)
06-14-84
Wiener Stadthalle-Kiba,
Vienna, Austria

Converted by:	Fendert
Conversion:	Tape>?x>CDR>Wav>FLAC
Quality:	Very Good / Audience

DO NOT CONVERT TO .MP3 OR ANY OTHER LOSSY FORMAT


This one starts off huge.  First the quality of this audience recording is great.  It's 
amazing how good this sounds considering the technology available to the tapers 20 
years ago.  I feel very fortunate that every one of these great 1984 shows were recorded.  
I would love to meet the people responsible and give them my thanks.  This show has the 
greatest "Highway 61 Revisited" of the entire tour in my opinion.  Just fantastic!  Taylor 
is on fire and just feels exactly the right thing to play.  Not that his playing on this is 
mind-boggling but it just feels like the right thing that should be played at that moment.  
Taylor more then any other guitarist is excellent at knowing the right thing to play and 
what not to play.  Contrast that with Santana who can't seem to figure out that what he 
plays is part of a song, not a chance for him to just throw out some fast riffs.  Really, who 
cares if it is NOT in the context of the song.  Most of Santana's playing on this tour fits in 
that category unfortunately ("Heart of Mine" on this on stands out as a great song totally 
raped of any feeling by this guys horrible and loud obnoxious tone and playing).  
Anyway back to "Highway 61 Revisited."  Listen to Taylor just go off.  In fact on this 
one it sounds like the band is ending the song (at about 5:10 min) but continues on as 
Taylor is peeling off fantastic riffs and grooving to the song.  Strangely enough Taylor 
backs off and becomes almost transparent for the majority of the rest of show.

Dylan as usual is great.  Vocally he is continue to change phrasing, sometimes changing 
to a harmony part and doing what he does best which is not to follow any preconceived 
notion of how the song had been played before but to make it something new each night, 
which he does every night on this tour.  Listen to Taylor's lack of slide on "Maggies 
Farm" and how he plays very little on "I and I."  Right before "License to Kill" the crowd 
is yelling for "Solid Rock" and Dylan replies "I don't know that anymore" then laughs 
then says, "I forgot the words to that."  He seems to be in good spirits this night.  On all 
of his acoustic stuff the natural reverb of the venue is great.  "Shelter from the Storm" is a 
nice surprise and one of only three times played this tour.  Taylor emerges briefly for a 
great solo on "Ballad of a Thin Man."  Then we come to the dreaded Santana portion 
where on this night the conga players join in.  Do congas fit in on "Blowing in the 
Wind?"  Well, neither does Santana's horrible lead work so I guess maybe there is some 
continuity in it all . . .NOT!  

Right now is the 20th Anniversary of those shows and I thought it would be cool to 
release each show to STG on the date of the actual show plus 20 years.  So, here is the 
thirteenth show; only 14 more!!! We'll see if I can keep up with the rest of the tour.  So 
far so good!




Disc 1
1.	Highway 61 Revisited 
2.	Jokerman 
3.	All Along The Watchtower
4.	Just Like A Woman 
5.	Maggie's Farm 
6.	I And I 
7.	License To Kill 
8.	Imagination
9.	A Hard Rain's A-Gonna Fall (acoustic)
10.	Tangled Up In Blue (acoustic) 
11.	It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding) (acoustic) 
12.	Shelter From The Storm 


Disc 2
1.	Masters Of War 
2.	Ballad Of A Thin Man 
3.	When You Gonna Wake Up 
4.	Every Grain Of Sand 
5.	Like A Rolling Stone 
6.	It Ain't Me, Babe (acoustic) 
7.	Don't Think Twice, It's All Right (acoustic) 
8.	Heart Of Mine 
9.	Tombstone Blues 
10.	Blowin' In The Wind





