WASHINGTON 1994  2CD  (Amsterdam AMS 729)   Warner Theater,
    Washington, DC  30 Oct 1994  + filler 31 Oct 1994
Tracks: 20   Time: 74/78    Source: Audience   Quality: Very Good
 
Ist CD starts
Track1. Jokerman   
Track2. Just like a woman   
Track3. All along the watchtower   
Track4. Under the red sky   
Track5. Tangled up in blue   
Track6. Positively 4th Street   
Track7. Mt Tambourine Man   
Track8. Desolation Row   
Track9. Don't think twice, it's alright   
Track10. God knows Ist CD finishes 

2nd CD starts 
Track11. Every grain of sand   
Track12. Maggie's farm   
Track13. Ballad of a thin man   
Track14. It ain't me babe   
Track15. The man in me   
Track16. The lonesome death of Hattie Carroll   
Track17. Masters of war   
Track18. Highway 61 revisited   
Track19. Disease of conceit   
Track20. Like a rolling stone 2nd CD finishes 


Tracks 1-14 are from Oct. 30, 1994
Tracks 15-20 are from Oct. 31, 1994

Bucky Baxter (pedal-steel guitar/mandolin)
Tony Garnier (bass)
John Jackson (guitar)
Winston Watson (drums)



from EXPECTING RAIN web site:


  I can still remember Bob's lips folded back throughout this show,
baring those incisors like a wild dog ready to pounce on some
unsuspecting prey. What a performance!! Hearing it again in better
quality than my average tape brings the memories flooding back.
Three songs in particular standout above the rest as supreme
renditions: 4th  Street, Desolation Row & Every Grain of Sand.
I can't recall a show where Bob's phrasing was so varied and
pronounced, so playful and yet so biting.  He bullies through 4th St.
like a runaway freight train rolling through the hills, emphasizing
the last words of lines like "I know you're dissatisfied with your
position and your playeeeeaaaaace...." so effectively, until the last
2 lines where he slows things down to a crawl, which gives even
more venom to "...what a drag it is to see you." So different than the
slower, classic Europe '96 versions but almost as pleasing. The vocal
on DRow is just as good, with Bob stretching the vowels and kicking
up his voice a notch, singing high and singing low, just a wonderfully
playful performance with great accompaniment by all. The killer,
though, is Every Grain, a roller coaster rendition with the vocal done
softly one moment and exuding strength and volume the
next, "...like every leaf that trembles, like every grain of saaaaaaaaa
aaaand."  I can still see his choppers from the 2nd row, fully
exposed as he sings out "...in the hour of my deepest need" Wow!
Everything meshed that night and it comes through loud and clear
on this nice Japanese set. From start to finish, an inspired
performance by all, particularly Mr. Dylan, who's singing was sublime
THROUGHOUT!  October 94 was a great month, no??
Setlist: Jokerman/JustLike/Watchtower/RedSky/Tangled/4thSt/TMan/
DRow/Think2x/GodKnows/EveryGrain/Maggie's/ThinMan/AintMebabe/
filler 10/31:ManInMe/Hattie/Masters/H61/phenomenal DiseaseOf
Conceit/LARS.


 