Bob Dylan  
June 30, 1984  
Stade Marcel Saupin,  
Nantes, France 
 
Conversion: ?>CDR>Wav(EAC)>flac  
Conversion by: Fendert@aol.com  
Quality: Very Good / Audience  
 
DO NOT CONVERT TO .MP3  
 
This is the 22nd Show of Bob Dylan's 1984 tour with former Rolling Stones guitarist 
Mick Taylor.  A very solid show here is highlighted by the inclusion of "It Takes a Lot 
to Laugh, It Takes a Train to Cry" which is the ONLY time ever played during this 
tour. 
I listened to this on actually the last week of June and I can't remember specific 
details of the show other than the fact that it is very good quality and performance.  
If someone wants to write a review I'll post it.  I'm sure you all are tired of my 
endless, rambling nonsense about the shows, lol.
Also, I am compiling (as suggested) all of the BEST performances of each song 
during the 1984 tour to create a composite show of the best of all.  This will include 
every song played on the tour (43) even if it was played only once but also the best 
version of each performance of each song.  So, how about a little feedback.  What I 
need the most is the songs played at every venue.  There are SO many of those that 
it is hard for one person to listen to them all, so any help would be great!!! 
Right now is the 20th Anniversary of those shows and I thought it would be cool to 
release each show to STG on the date of the actual show plus 20 years. When the 
STG tracker was down it really screwed up getting the shows out on the correct 
dates and we are a little behind but I want to complete the project in context so, 
here is the twenty-second show; only 5 more!!!
Disc 1
1.	Highway 61 Revisited
2.	Jokerman 
3.	All Along The Watchtower 
4.	Just Like A Woman 
5.	Maggie's Farm 
6.	I And I 
7.	License To Kill 
8.	A Hard Rain's A-Gonna Fall (acoustic) 
9.	Girl From The North Country (acoustic) 
10.	It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding) (acoustic)
11.	Simple Twist Of Fate 
12.	Masters Of War 
13.	Ballad Of A Thin Man 
14.	Enough Is Enough 

Disc 2
1.	Every Grain Of Sand 
2.	Like A Rolling Stone 
3.	Mr. Tambourine Man (acoustic) 
4.	The Lonesome Death Of Hattie Carroll (acoustic) 
5.	The Times They Are A-Changin' 
6.	It Takes A Lot To Laugh, It Takes A Train To Cry 
7.	Leopard-Skin Pill-Box Hat 
8.	Blowin' In The Wind 
9.	Tombstone Blues

