Bob Dylan, 10/12/78, Toronto, 2CDR

(72min+71min), CEDAR Shingles 004, For years, the Toronto '78 show has mainly been circulated in the form of the commercial bootleg I Was Young When I Left Home, which plays noticeably too fast. At points on it, Bob sounds like he's both on amphetamines and inhaling helium -- when in fact, he was probably only on amphetamines. A little while ago, a correct-speed version began circulating (thanks to James for this one), but it turns out that this was merely the old commercial bootleg slowed down to pitch; the sound quality of this version, as such, was good but not great., Just recently, however, as part of the outstanding Project '78 now underway, a new transfer from the master turned up, apparently obtained directly from the taper himself. This is really quite an amazing '78 recording, especially in this new and crystal-clear transfer. As such, I really contributed very little on this particular remaster job: I simply smoothed out some of the tape transitions, warmed up the EQ a little bit, and boosted the level slightly. No further meddling was needed., The only noticeable problems with this set are that the end of "I Don't Believe You" and the start of "Like a Rolling Stone" are slightly clipped by the first tape flip, the beginning of "Just Like a Woman" is clipped by the second tape flip, and the end of "Changing of the Guards" is cut as the third side runs out. Otherwise, this recording is just about as good as they get, I'd say., Enjoy!, -- Rob; very good sound

Disc 1, 1. My Back Pages (instrumental), 2. I'm Ready, 3. Is Your Love In Vain?, 4. Shelter From the Storm, 5. It's All Over Now, Baby Blue, 6. Tangled Up In Blue, 7. Ballad of a Thin Man, 8. Maggie's Farm, 9. I Don't Believe You, 10. Like a Rolling Stone, 11. I Shall Be Released, 12. Going, Going, Gone, 13. One Of Us Must Know (Sooner Or Later), 14. It Ain't Me, Babe,

Disc 2, 1. Am I Your Stepchild?, 2. One More Cup of Coffee (Valley Below), 3. Blowin' In the Wind, 4. Girl From the North Country, 5. Where are You Tonight? (Journey Through Dark Heat), 6. Masters of War, 7. Just Like A Woman, 8. To Ramona, 9. All Along the Watchtower, 10. All I Really Want To Do, 11. It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding), 12. Forever Young, 13. Changing of the Guards
