Bob Dylan 
Kongresovż sįl 
Palįc kultury 
Prague, Czech Republic 
11 March 1995

SOURCE: "off master" (aud) recording
LINEAGE: CDR>EAC>WAV>MKW>SHN
SOUND: excellent!   
SIZE: 521 MiB

DISC ONE
1.  Crash On The Levee (Down In The Flood)
2.  If Not For You
3.  All Along The Watchtower
4.  Just Like A Woman
5.  Tangled Up In Blue
6.  Watching The River Flow
7.  Mr. Tambourine Man


DISC TWO
1.  Boots Of Spanish Leather
2.  It’s All Over Now, Baby Blue
3.  Man In The Long Black Coat
4.  God Knows
5.  Maggie's Farm
6.  Shelter From The Storm
7.  It Ain't Me, Babe

MUSICIANS: 
Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar)*
Bucky Baxter (pedal steel guitar & electric slide guitar)
John Jackson (guitar)
Tony Garnier (bass)
Winston Watson (drums & percussion)

D1T7 and D2T1, 2, 14 acoustic with the band.
D1T1-5, 7 and D2T1-4, 6, 7  Bob Dylan harmonica.

BOBTALK

I was sitting here last night, got the flu. Listen, you got a good place to recover from the flu! <someone in the audience yells something> Oh, could you say that again. OK, this is an old one, my apology song here (coughs). (before Watching The River Flow).

You can play that! I’m not playing it anyway. Go ahead! (to a woman who had entered the  stage and tried to pick up one of Dylan’s guitars during It Ain’t Me, Babe)


http://www.bjorner.com/DSN15790.htm#DSN15790


* Some accounts suggest that bob did not play guitar at all on this date.  Some more info on the March 11th show - The show scheduled for the 10th was cancelled due to Bob having the flu, it was to be the first show of 1995 after a long christmas break. Bob was well enough to go ahead with the show the next day (the 11th) But was not up for playing the guitar, he only played for a few minutes during a jam with Jack Johnson, but that was it. The show is also noted for the first time played live the song "Crash on the Levee". Other Bobtalk included "Thanks, I'm sorry about last night. This is a good place to recover from flu" Info from; ISIS - A Bob Dylan Anthology. 

