Bob Dylan & Mick Taylor (former Rolling Stones guitarist)
06/04/84
Sportpaleis
Rotterdam, Holland


Converted by:	Fendert
Conversion:	Tape>?x>CDR>Wav>FLAC
Quality:	Very Good / Audience

DO NOT CONVERT TO .MP3 OR ANY OTHER LOSSY FORMAT

This is the 6th Show of Bob Dylan's 1984 tour with former Rolling Stones guitarist 
Mick Taylor and it finds us at the first of two dates in Rotterdam.  This show ends the 
first week of the tour.  The band and Dylan are getting it now.  All are becoming familiar 
with the songs and each other and it is beginning to show.  Bob still throws some 
surprises at the band (as he continues to do the entire tour).  "Don't Think Twice" is 
moved to the second acoustic set and "When You Gonna Wake Up" is replaced by "Man 
of Peace."  This show debuts "Tangled up in Blue" for the first time this tour.  Dylan 
commented that he wishes he could delete the original version and replace it with the 
version from the 1984 tour.  This is the first attempt at it and he continues to hone it as 
the tour progressed into what he always envisioned it to be.  Bobs inflection with his 
singing at times here is really wonderful.  Wait until Paris, wow!  Mick Taylor's lead on I 
& I is not much yet but at about the 5:02 mark MT starts with a very interesting riff and 
Dylan actually joins in with a few lead lines of his own (although he hits some wrong 
notes) it indicates Dylan's desire to be part of the band, not just the singer / songwriter.  I 
think for the band members too, they are starting to feel comfortable with staying on the 
edge.  Dylan prefers to keep musicians there to push them.  Sometimes this is successful, 
sometimes it is not but it is the technique used by Bob both in the studio and on tour.  At 
the beginning of this tour the band had no idea of which songs would be played until the 
afternoon of the first show and even then there was a set list with boxes and lines drawn 
from here to there and of course no explanation of what it all meant, lol.  "Forever 
Young" is a great treat here also as it was the night before.  Right now is the 20th 
Anniversary of those shows and I thought it would be cool to release each show to STG 
on the date of the actual show plus 20 years.  So, here is the sixth show and we'll see if I 
can keep up with the rest of the tour.  Enjoy.

These shows really highlight how BAD Santana was.  He was playing in the wrong key, 
at the wrong time, bad tone and playing a part which did NOT fit into the song.  What 
was Bob thinking with this guy?  No artwork, enjoy!

Disc 1
01.	Highway 61 Revisited
02.	Jokerman
03.	All Along The Watchtower
04.	Just Like A Woman
05.	Maggie's Farm 
06.	I And I 
07.	License To Kill 
08.	Got my Mojo Working
09.	Tangled Up in Blue
10.	It Ain't Me Babe
11.	It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding) (acoustic) 
12.	It's All Over Now, Baby Blue  


Disc 2
01.	Masters Of War 
02.	Ballad Of A Thin Man 
03.	Man of Peace
04.	Every Grain Of Sand 
05.	Like A Rolling Stone 
06.	Girl From The North Country (acoustic) 
07.	Don't Think Twice 
08.	Tombstone Blues 
09.	Forever Young

