Bob Dylan & Mick Taylor (former Rolling Stones guitarist)
06/03/84
Olympiastadion
Munich, West Germany

Converted by:	Fendert
Conversion:	Tape>?x>CDR>Wav>FLAC
Quality:	Very Good / Audience

DO NOT CONVERT TO .MP3 OR ANY OTHER LOSSY FORMAT

This is the 5th Show of Bob Dylan's 1984 tour with former Rolling Stones guitarist 
Mick Taylor.  The songs are starting to have a little life in them but still they are far 
from what they will become in the coming weeks.  Taylor still is feeling his way 
around them but vocally Bob is starting to groove.  Compare "Every Grain of Sand," 
"I and I," "License to Kill" and "Masters of War" compared with later versions (or 
with Real Live if that's all you have) and see how far Taylor will take these songs.  
We get a couple of gems on this one.  Again we get "Why Do I Have to Choose" (the 
only cover on the tour) and Dylan really sings great on it this night and Mick Taylor's 
slide is just about perfect.  Also, Joan Baez joins Bob for a great version of "Blowing 
in the Wind" and "I Shall Be Released."   "Forever Young" is a great treat here also.   
Right now is the 20th Anniversary of those shows and I thought it would be cool to 
release each show to STG on the date of the actual show plus 20 years.  So, here is the 
fifth show and we'll see if I can keep up with the rest of the tour.  Enjoy.

Santana report:  Plays the lead on "Why Do I Have to Choose" beginning at 2:46 and 
even though his tone does not fit the song, at least he doesn't hit any wrong notes this 
time.  This guy is bad.  These shows really highlight how BAD Santana was, playing 
in the wrong key, at the wrong time, bad tone and playing a part which did NOT fit 
into the song.  What was Bob thinking with this guy?  No artwork, enjoy!

Disc 1
01.	Highway 61 Revisited
02.	Jokerman
03.	All Along The Watchtower
04.	 Just Like A Woman
05.	 Maggie's Farm 
06.	I And I 
07.	License To Kill 
08.	It Ain't Me, Babe (acoustic) 
09.	 It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding) (acoustic) 
10.	Don't Think Twice, It's All Right (acoustic) 
11.	It's All Over Now, Baby Blue  
12.	Masters Of War 
13.	Ballad Of A Thin Man 
14.	When You Gonna Wake Up 

Disc 2
01.	Every Grain Of Sand 
02.	Like A Rolling Stone 
03.	Girl From The North Country (acoustic) 
04.	The Lonesome Death Of Hattie Carroll (acoustic) 
05.	Blowin' In The Wind 
06.	I Shall Be Released (acoustic) 
07.	Tombstone Blues 
08.	Why Do I Have To Choose? 
09.	Forever Young

