Bob Dylan
Civic Auditorium
Santa Monica, California
18 November 1979
  

Unknown Audience>CDR>EAC>FLAC LEVEL 5 

 

 
CD 1 77:43
Gotta Serve Somebody
I Believe In You
When You Gonna Wake Up
When He Returns
Man Gave Names To All The Animals
Precious Angel
Slow Train
Covenant Woman
Gonna Change My Way Of Thinking
Do Right To Me Baby (Do Unto Others)
Solid Rock
Saving Grace
Saved (Bob Dylan/Tim Drummond)
What Can I Do For You?
  

CD 2 
In The Garden
Blessed Be The Name
Pressing On
  

 

 

Concert # 15 of the First Gospel Tour.

Concert # 15 with the First Gospel Band: Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar), Fred Tackett (guitar), Spooner Oldham (keyboards), Tim Drummond (bass), Terry Young (keyboards), Jim Keltner (drums), Regina Havis , Helena Springs , Mona Lisa Young (background vocals).

 

4 Bob Dylan solo (vocal & guitar) with Spooner Oldham (piano).

13 Bob Dylan (harmonica).

17 Bob Dylan (piano).

 

BobTalk

Thank you. I suppose you've been reading the newspapers and watching the TV? And you see how much trouble this world is in. Madmen running loose everywhere. Anyway we, we're not worried about that though -- it doesn't bother us -- because we know this world is going to be destroyed. Christ will set up his kingdom for a thousand years in Jerusalem where the lion will lie down with the lamb -- we know this is true. No doubt about it. So, it's a slow train coming. It's been coming for a long time, but it's picking up speed. (before Slow Train)

I don't know what kind of God you believe in, but I believe in a God that can raise the dead. Will raise the dead, does raise the dead, all the time. This song is called hanging on to a Solid Rock Made Before The Foundation Of The World. (before Solid Rock)

All right, you know Satan, he . . . We wrestle now against flesh and blood, but it's all happening at a spiritual level. [audience: "Like A Rolling Stone!"] Satan is called the god of this world and, as you look around, you have much proof to see that he really is the god of this world. But, for those of you who don't know . . . I'd be curious to know, how many of you do know or, how many of you don't know, that Satan himself has been defeated at the cross? Does everybody know that? [cheers] Huh, at least, ah, at least we're not alone! (before Saved)

All right on the keyboards tonight, give him a warm hand, Spooner Oldham. All right, on the other set of keyboards and backup vocals, Terry Young. Playing the drums tonight, Jim Keltner. On lead guitar, Fred Tackett. On bass guitar, electric bass guitar, Mr. Tim Drummond. Singing on the bottom tonight, Miss Helena Springs. Singing in the middle, Regina McCreary. And singing on top, give her a warm hand, Mona Lisa Young. All right, you know this wasn't a concert in a normal kind of sense. This was, really, to give all the praise and glory to God -- we mean to do that. Because we believe we don't deserve any praise. (before Blessed Be The Name)

 

References

Clinton Heylin: Saved! The Gospel Speeches of Bob Dylan. Hanuman Books 1990, page 24.

Watt Alexander: The Gospel Project.

 

Stereo audience recording, 110 minutes
