This is not the boot, "Hush, Hush Sweet Charlotee", but actually a transfer I did myself
from what possibly was the cassette master (if not the cassette master then it was 
a very low gen copy of the cassette master) which I then remastered with the program
T-Racks. During Mr. Tambourine Man there is a glitch at about 30 seconds or so.
Also some small fluctuations of volume may be detected. Also some fluttering during
All Along The Watchtower. -  Charlespoet

Bob Dylan
Charlotte Coliseum
Charlotte, North Carolina
December 10, 1978
  
Taper: Unknown
Source: (explained above)>(audio discs)>(Audio Catalyst) wav > (flacfrontend) flac8. 

Disc One  (77:39):

1. My Back Pages (Instrumental) / She’s Love Crazy (Tampa Red)
2. Mr. Tambourine Man
3. Shelter From The Storm
4. Love Minus Zero/No Limit
5. Tangled Up In Blue
6. Ballad Of A Thin Man
7. Maggie's Farm
8. I Don’t Believe You (She Acts Like We Never Have Met)
9. Like A Rolling Stone
10. I Shall Be Released
11. Senor (Tales Of Yankee Power)
12. The Times They Are A-Changin'
13. Rainy Day Women # 12 & 35
14. It Ain't Me, Babe
15. Am I Your Stepchild?

Disc Two (60:06):

1. One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below)
2. Blowin' In The Wind
3. Girl From The North Country
4. We Better Talk This Over
5. Masters Of War
6. Just Like A Woman
7. All Along The Watchtower
8. To Ramona
9. It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)
10. Forever Young
11. Changing Of The Guards

Concert # 61 of the 1978 US Fall Tour. 1978 concert # 110

Concert # 87 with the 1978 World Tour Band: 
Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar) 
Billy Cross (lead guitar)
Alan Pasqua (keyboards)
Steven Soles (rhythm guitar, backup vocals)
David Mansfield (violin & mandolin)
Steve Douglas (horns)
Jerry Scheff (bass)
Bobbye Hall (percussion) 
Ian Wallace (drums) 
Helena Springs, Jo Ann Harris, Carolyn Dennis (background vocals).

My Back Pages
instrumental without Bob Dylan.

Mr. Tambourine Man 
Love Minus Zero/No Limit 
It Ain't Me, Babe 
Am I Your Stepchild? 
Just Like A Woman
Bob Dylan (harmonica).

Rainy Day Women # 12 & 35
Helena Springs, Jo Ann Harris, Carolyn Dennis (vocals) without Bob Dylan.

It Ain't Me, Babe
Bob Dylan solo (vocal, harmonica & guitar).

BobTalk

Thank you. You know when I was coming up in the fifties, not the sixties, but the fifties 
there used to be carnivals a coming through all the towns most of the towns. Every carnival 
had what they call a geek. I don't know if they still have them, but they used to have what 
they called geeks. And a geek is a man who eats a live chicken, right before your eyes. 
He bites the head off an eats that. Then he continues to eat the rest of them, sweeps all 
the feathers up with a broom. Back then it cost a quarter to see him. Now it probably costs 
about 10 to 15 bucks. But by then before inflation it only cost a quarter. Anyhow, nobody 
would hang out too much with the geek. Nobody much. Left him alone to himself. And one day 
I was having breakfast with the bearded lady, she was telling me. “You know the geek he's 
really funky. He's more low-down than low-down. He doesn't like anybody and not only does 
he keep to himself, but he considers everybody else as being very strange an very freaky.” 
I said, "hmmm hmmm". Later on, as I was traveling around making my money, it came back to me 
at a certain point in time, and I put it into this particular song. (before Ballad Of A Thin Man)

All right thank you, thank you. I was invited to play at the Newport Folk Festival sometime 
back then. Anyway, I went to play this here song and they booted me out of town for doing it. 
They got all upset. It's hard to believe that such a song could cause such a disturbance, but 
it did. (before Maggie's Farm)

I was riding on a train one time from Durango, Mexico to San Diego. I fell asleep on the train 
and woke up in this town called Monterey. And there was, I guess it was about past midnight. 
Not too much happening, but just maybe around that time. And a family was getting off the train.
An old man was stepping up on the platform to get up on the train. And he came down the aisle 
and took a seat across the aisle from me. Meantime the train was still in the station. Anyway, 
I was watching this whole thing through the window which was turned into a long mirror. And 
finally I felt a strange vibration and I had to turn to look at this man. He wasn't wearing 
anything but a blanket. So I turned my head to look at him. Both his eyes were on fire, I could 
easily see that, and there was smoke coming out of his nostrils. I said well this is the man 
I had to talk to. So I turned back to look out the mirror again. I finally got up the courage 
to talk to him. And the train started moving an the conversation went something like this. 
(before Seńor (Tales Of Yankee Power))

Thank you. The three girls in the group here are gonna sing a song I wrote a few years back. 
They insist on singing it. They say, "Bobby you can't sing it anymore." So they gonna sing it 
for you now. (before Rainy Day Women # 12 & 35)

Thank you. I was over in France a few years back. On the particular day that I was born it 
happens to be a high holy gypsy holiday. For the gypsies it's like Christmas time. So I went 
over there to check it out one time. And it was everything it’s supposed to be. All the gypsies 
from Europe, and Hungary, Romania, England, Germany, France, Spain, all them different countries.
And they all go there for a week and they party. They just party. Happens every Spring. So the 
first day I got there I met the king of the gypsies, that's right. The king of the gypsies, 
he was a young man, but I noticed he had, 16 wives and they said 130 children. And he was 
quite somebody, couldn't have been more than 35. Anyway, I’ve seen a lot of people in my time. 
Some of them have power and they don't deserve it. And other people that do deserve it, don't 
have it. Of all the people I've seen this man definitely did deserve it and he had it. So 
anyway, I stayed there for a week. Partied. I stayed ..., longest party I ever attended. 
And about time to leave they said, ..., I'd done everything twice, just about, in that week 
and I hadn't slept for a week, so they were pretty much aware of all this. So they said, 
"What you want to take with you while you go?" I had to make my way out of there somehow. 
So I just said, seeing that I had to stay up for a week, I just needed to stay up a little bit 
longer. And, so I asked for one more cup of coffee for the road. And they were nice enough 
to put it in a bag for me. They said, "How you want it?" I said, "Black". They gave it to me 
and I headed out. (before One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below)) 

Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on the drums tonight, give him a warm hand. Ian Wallace. 
On the bass guitar Jerry Scheff. On the keyboards Alan Pasqua. Lead guitar Billy Cross. On 
the violin, mandolin, electric guitar, David Mansfield. Rhythm guitar, Steve Soles. On the 
tenor saxophone Steve Douglas. On the backup vocals, Jo Ann Harris, Helena Springs, Carolyn 
Dennis. On the conga drums, from Detroit, Miss Bobbye Hall. (before It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only 
Bleeding))
 
Thank you, all right. We gotta get out of here now. Thanks for coming out, 
I hope we played something right. All right. (plays Forever Young) 
Thank you for being so kind and understanding. I'm not ready for the
pasture yet so, we will be back. Goodnight!

1 new song (3%) compared to previous concert. 

No new songs for this tour.

Thanks Olof!
ENJOY!
Charlespoet