“They shaved her head.
She was torn between Jupiter and Apollo.
A messenger arrived with a black nightingale.
I seen her on the stairs and I couldn't help but follow,
Follow her down past the fountain where they lifted her veil..”  -- Bob Dylan “Changing of the Guards”.



10.29.1978 ***Mad Dog Remaster***

October 29, 1878
St. Louis, Missouri The Checkerdome 

Disc 1 (76:53)

My Back Pages 
She’s Love Crazy (Tampa Red)
Mr. Tambourine Man
Shelter From The Storm
Love Minus Zero/No Limit
Tangled Up In Blue
Ballad Of A Thin Man
Maggie’s Farm
I Don’t Believe You (She Acts Like We Never Have Met)
Like A Rolling Stone
I Shall Be Released
True Love Tends To Forget
The Times They Are A-Changin’
It Ain’t Me Babe
Am I Your Stepchild?
One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below)

Disc 2 (65:04)

Blowin’ In The Wind
Girl Of The North Country
Where Are You Tonight? (Journey Through Dark Heat)
Masters Of War
Just Like A Woman
Don’t Think Twice, It’s All Right
All Along The Watchtower
All I Really Want To Do
It’s Allright, Ma (I’m Only Bleeding)
Forever Young
Changing Of The Guards






Concert # 32 of the 1978 US Fall Tour. 1978 concert # 81.
Concert # 58 with the 1978 World Tour Band: Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar), Billy Cross (lead guitar), Alan Pasqua (keyboards), Steven Soles (rhythm guitar, backup vocals), David Mansfield (violin & mandolin), Steve Douglas (horns), Jerry Scheff (bass), Bobbye Hall (percussion), Ian Wallace (drums), Helena Springs, Jo Ann Harris, Carolyn Dennis (background vocals).
1 instrumental without Bob Dylan.
5, 15, 21 Bob Dylan (harmonica).
14 Bob Dylan solo (vocal, harmonica & guitar).
BobTalk
Thank you, all right, here’s a love song I, ... love ballad, I wrote a few years back about three people who are in love, all at the same time. (before Tangled Up In Blue)
This is a song I wrote about fifteen years ago, but it's just like I wrote it the other day. For me anyway. (before Maggie's Farm)
Thank you, we're gonna take a break right here. Short break. Regroup and load up. (before True Love Tends To Forget)
Thank you, on the drums tonight, give him a warm hand, Ian Wallace. On the bass guitar, Jerry Scheff. On the keyboards, the one and only Alan Pasqua. On the lead guitar, the oldest member of the group, born in 1921, Mr. Billy Cross. Billy’s been around. On the rhythm guitar, from Bogota, Colombia doesn't speak any English but he plays his heart out on the guitar. Ladies and gentlemen, he gave up a career as a sports car driver. Anyway, give him a big hand, Steven Soles. On the fiddle, violin, mandolin and some times lead electric guitar, the youngest member of this group, he's only fifteen years old and he's been with me five years. Doesn't smoke dope, drink whiskey or go out with women. I don't know what's the matter with him! Anyway, David Mansfield. On the tenor saxophone, a man who used to play with Duane Eddy. Anybody remember Duane Eddy? He used to play with Duane Eddy, played on many of Phil Spector’s best records. Anyway, the phenomenal Steve Douglas'. On the backup vocals, three young ladies who help me sing, make me sound so good. Anyway, on the right, my ex-girlfriend, Jo Ann Harris. I like to eat and Jo Ann doesn't like to cook. Anyway, in the middle, my current girlfriend, Helena Springs. Helena's from St. Louis, and went to (....) high school. You all gave me this gifted girl. On the other side is my fiancée, Carolyn Dennis. On the conga drums from Detroit the most amazing Miss Bobbye Hall. (before It’s Alright, Ma (I’m Only Bleeding)
Alright we're gonna get out of here pretty soon. We ought to get on down the road now, we have to be in Vegas in the morning. Really! No, just kidding. All right, we're gonna close with this song. This is one that I wrote for one of my babies when he was a baby. He's not here tonight, but I'm gonna play it anyway. So, we'll see you again, have a safe trip home. See you next year maybe same time, same place. I hope we played something right tonight. The sound up here is not too good, I hope it's better out there. (before Forever Young)
4 new songs (14%) compared to previous concert. No new songs for this tour.
Mono audience recording, 135 minutes.
Session info updated 31 March 2003.

THANKS TO OLOF AND HIS AMAZING SITE FOR INFO ON THIS STELLAR SHOW!!!

