Bob Dylan, 8/3/03, Somerset, Wisconsin, Float Rite Amphitheater, 2CDR

LB-4926, (72min+21min), Sonic Studios>Sony D6>Maxell XLIIS (master cassette)>Creative>CDWave (to split tracks)>FLAC, This is from my master recording which I do not recall trading apart from copying for a few friends, and have not converted to CDR until now. Bob was opening for The Dead. I would rate the sound as A-. I think it is a nice recording that accurately reflects the sound at the venue. It is a close recording. I included the 3 songs Bob played with The Dead. Sound cleans up a bit as the show goes on. Very rocking show. Sorry for the cut for tape flip on "Bye and Bye," but it was the low point of the set anyway, with only tepid applause after. Bob is in fine voice and the band rocks. Freddie Koella didn't do that many shows with the band, but I had seen him very early in his tenure a few months earlier, and at this show he was supporting the groove very solidly., I don't have any artwork yet. I also don't have an alternate source to splice in the missing few seconds of "Bye and Bye." I'd probably mess it up anyway, this is my first attempt at converting one of my master recordings to CDR; I usually have friends do it., Please enjoy!, Of course, please do not sell this recording, nor reproduce it in a lossy format (excluding loading it onto your mp3 player). Do give it away to your friends who dig Bob!; bittorrent download 05/07; harsh

CD1
1. Silvio (Bob on piano), 2. If You See Her, Say Hello (Bob on piano and harp), 3. Tweedle Dee & Tweedle Dum (Bob on piano), 4. Watching The River Flow (Bob on piano and harp), 5. Highway 61 Revisited (Bob on piano), 6. Most Likely You Go Your Way (And I'll Go Mine) (Bob on piano and harp), 7. Drifter's Escape (Bob on piano and harp), 8. Bye And Bye part 1. (reported as acoustic, but it isn't; Larry is playing a Gretch electric guitar, Bob on piano, Tony on standup bass) [there was no acoustic set at this show], 9. Bye and Bye part 2 (a few seconds missing from tape flip, shudder;), 10. Honest With Me (Bob on piano, Larry on slide guitar), 11. band intros, 12. Summer Days (Bob on piano, Tony on standup bass, Tommy Morrongiello on electric guitar), 13. Encore noise (no music), 14. Rainy Day Women #12 & 35 (Bob on piano and harp), Bob Dylan - piano, harp, Larry Campbell - guitar, slide guitar, Freddie Koella - guitar, Tony Garnier - bass, George Recile - drums, 

CD2
Bob sits in with the Dead, 15. Big River (Bob on piano), 16. Desolation Row (Bob on piano), 17. Johnny B. Goode (Bob on piano)

Please retain this info file and its LB number as a marker for this lossless set
and if you spread it please list it in the description to avoid others getting duplicates
