Information from:

Olof Björner's
Bob Dylan
Yearly Chronicles

Civic Center Arena
Savannah, Georgia
8 December 1978
   

 1.  My Back Page  
 2.  She’s Love Crazy (Tampa Red)  
 3.  Mr. Tambourine Man
 4.  Shelter From The Storm  
 5.  Love Minus Zero/No Limit  
 6.  Tangled Up In Blue  
 7.  Ballad Of A Thin Man  
 8.  Maggie's Farm  
 9.  I Don’t Believe You (She Acts Like We Never Have Met) 
10.  Like A Rolling Stone  
11.  I Shall Be Released  
12.  Seńor (Tales Of Yankee Power)       
13.  The Times They Are A-Changin'  
14.  Rainy Day Women # 12 & 35  
15.  It Ain't Me, Babe  
16.  Am I Your Stepchild?  
17.  One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below)  
18.  Blowin' In The Wind  
19.  Girl From The North Country 
20.  Is Your Love In Vain?  
21.  Masters Of War  
22.  Just Like A Woman  
23.  All Along The Watchtower  
24.  To Ramona  
25.  It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)  
26.  Forever Young 
27.  Changing Of The Guards
   

Concert # 59 of the 1978 US Fall Tour. 1978 concert # 108
Concert # 85 with the 1978 World Tour Band:  Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar), Billy Cross (lead guitar), Alan Pasqua (keyboards), Steven Soles (rhythm guitar, backup vocals), David Mansfield (violin & mandolin), Steve Douglas (horns), Jerry Scheff (bass), Bobbye Hall (percussion), Ian Wallace (drums), Helena Springs, Jo Ann Harris, Carolyn Dennis (background vocals).

 

1 instrumental without Bob Dylan.
3, 5, 16, 22 Bob Dylan (harmonica).
14 Helena Springs, Jo Ann Harris, Carolyn Dennis (vocals) without Bob Dylan.
15 Bob Dylan solo (vocal, harmonica & guitar).

 

BobTalk

Remember those carnivals they used to have? All those carnivals (…..). Last carnival was back in the 50’s. (…..) had what they called a geek. You all know what a geek is? In those days a geek was a man who’s in a sideshow that eats a live chicken. He bites the head off, eats that. Then he eats the rest of it, heart, blood, everything. Sweeps the rest of it, all that’s left over up with a broom. In them days it cost a quarter to see him. Nowadays it might be about 15 bucks, but back then it cost a quarter. Anyway, most people didn't have too much to do with this man. Most people kept their distance from him, if you wanna know the truth. I was speaking one day to the lady with a beard at the breakfast table and she was telling me, "This man is awful strange, low down, more low down than low down, doesn't bother with anybody." So she said, “Just to give you an idea how (…..) he is, he thinks of everybody else as being freaks. He thinks he's the only straight person around. Everybody else is a freak.” I said "Uh-uh" Years later, I remembered that as I was starting (…..). When people started looking at me in a strange way. So, one of them days I sat all by myself and I wrote this song. (before Ballad Of A Thin Man)

Here’s a song I sang at Newport Folk Festival in 1963. It got me booed out of town. It’s hard to believe this song caused such a disturbance, but it did. It’s called I Ain’t Gonna Work On Maggie’s Farm No More.

Thank you. I was riding on a train one time from Mexico, from Monterey to San Diego. Anyway, I’d fallen asleep and when I woke up this train was in (the yard). A family was getting off the train, an old man stepped up on the train. I was still in a daze, so I was looking, I was watching it all through the window which was looking like a big mirror. And I watched all the time through this mirror. This old man stepped up on the train and walked down the aisle, took a seat by me across the aisle. Wearing nothing but a blanket. He must have been about 150 years old. Anyway, I was…kept looking at him in the mirror. I felt this strange vibration so I turned to look at him. When I turned and looked at him both his eyes were burning. There was smoke coming out of his nostrils. I immediately turned away, but I kept thinking about that this was a man that I wanted to talk to. So I waited a little while longer and the train pulled out of the station. Then I turned to talk to him, he’d disappeared. I searched for him at the next town, but he was gone. (before Seńor (Tales Of Yankee Power))

Thank you. There are three young ladies in the group who sing with me. They’re gonna sing a song now. They insist on singing it because they like it so much. (before Rainy Day Women #12 & 35)

Thank you. (…..) the day I was born, that day happens to be the high holy gypsy holiday. So I (…..) over there where they have their big celebration (…..). So (…..) I was fortunate enough to meet the king of the gypsies. The first day I was there I managed to meet him. He was a young man with 22 wives and 150 children, and girlfriends on the side too. (…..). This celebration lasted about a week. (I was there) the whole time, staying up for all of it. I did about everything twice. Finally it was time to go, (…..) I could just not stay up one more day (…..) I asked for one more cup of coffee for the road. So, they give it to me, black. (…..) down the road.

Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on the drums tonight, from Kingston, Jamaica, Ian Wallace. On the bass guitar, Jerry Scheff. On the keyboards, from Trinidad, Alan Pasqua. On the lead guitar, Billy Cross. The youngest member of this group, fifteen years old, he's been with me now for five years. Plays electric mandolin, electric guitar, violin, doesn't smoke dope, drink whiskey or chase women. All that’s gonna change tonight. David Mansfield. Rhythm guitar, Steven Soles. On the tenor saxophone, a legend in his own lifetime, the phenomenal Steve Douglas. All right. My three favorite young women. I know I don't have the greatest voice in the world but they make it sound so much better than it is. Anyway, my ex-girlfriend, Jo Ann Harris. My current girlfriend, Helena Springs. And of course my fiancée, Carolyn Dennis. On the conga drums, from Detroit, the most amazing Miss Bobbye Hall. Thanks for coming. We gotta get out of here pretty soon. (before It’s Alright, Ma (I’m Only Bleeding)

Thank you. It’s that time of the evening again, (we must pull out). (…..). Anyway, I hope we played something right for you tonight. We’ll be back, I’m not ready to be put out to pasture just yet. (before Forever Young)

1 new song (3%) compared to previous concert. No new songs for this tour.

There is no LB number for this date.

Trade CD > EAC > FLAC > HD > Hungercity > you