Bob Dylan, 10/30/90, Boone, NC, 2CDR

LB-6332, (46min+41min), A Doodee Music Master Recording, "If it's a DOODEE, you know it's the SHIT, ", - Stripeydave 2008, Mr. Zimmy invades the sleepy mountain town of Boone to preach the gospel. When you read "varsity gymnasium" as the venue, it pretty much was a facility that matches the image you have in your mind when you read the term "varsity gymnasium". This was shortly before App upgraded to the Holmes Center and the facility was a tad dated. Sound wise, it's got a bit of that gym ambiance but very enjoyable. I saw this show with a friend of mine who's a Bob fanatic. I remember he was pleasantly surprised that Bob actually spoke some, introducing a song and saying thanks a couple times. The recent show's he'd seen leading up to this one Bob was pretty mum. His Zimmness also seems to have a thing for playing "Joey" when he visits Boone as he's done it on multiple occaisons. I always liked that song. Enjoy!, Trade only. Support Bob Dylan and his band by buying their records and merchandise and attending their shows., Unknown mic>Sony WMD3 Cassette Master>BBE1002>BSR EQ3000>CDR>WAV>Audacity>FLAC; bittorrent download 08/08; heavy tv band on d1t3; nothing above 21k; same recording as LB-2772 based on same crowd,clapping, and similar wav at end of d1t3 except inverted; in comparison this has a little fuller sound; (did not listen to all of this)

Disc One, 1. Intro / Marine Hymn, 2. Most Likely You Go Your Way (And I'll Go Mine), 3. I'll Be Your Baby Tonight, 4. The Man In Me, 5. What Was It You Wanted, 6. Hang Me, Oh Hang Me (I've Been All Around This Worls), 7. Gotta Serve Somebody, 8. A Hard Rains A-Gonna Fall, 9. Two Soldiers, 10. Desolation Row / It Ain't Me Babe, Disc Two, 1. Joey, 2. Leopard-Skin Pill-Box Hat, 3. I Believe In You, 4. Wiggle Wiggle, 5. TV Talkin' Song, 6. I Shall Be Released, 7. Like A Rolling Stone, 8. Blowin' In The Wind, 9. All Along The Watchtower

Please retain this info file and its LB number as a marker for this lossless set
and if you spread it please list it in the description to avoid others getting duplicates
