Bob Dylan
2007-04-08
Heineken Music Hall
Amsterdam
The Netherlands 

Taper     : bnz
Source    : at831 - SP-SPSB-6 (Bass Roll-off at 107 HZ) - Edirol R09 at 44.1 Khz
Transfer  : SD card > SDslot > PC > Soundforge 8.0 > Cdwave > Shorten > SHN
Total Time: 114:59 min

Due a drunk I had to cut out an argument between him and me between
It's Alright, Ma and When The Deal Goes Down, no music is missing,
also after that I had 1 missed the left channel for a few minutes,
I pasted that from the right channel, and made 5 pop fixes after
that patch all during When The Deal Goes Down, but those fixes are
not noticeable tmo.

After the other two uploads I still decided two share this recording
since its good enough tmo and I want to thank the guy and women who
offered me their place when there was a risk that the drunk would be
became a problem for my tape. I missed them after the show but still
Thank you for that !!

1. Intro
2. Cat's In The Well (Bob on electric guitar, Donnie on violin) 
3. It Ain't Me, Babe (Bob on electric guitar) 
4. Just Like Tom Thumb's Blues (Bob on electric guitar) 
5. It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding) (Bob on electric guitar, Donnie on violin) 
6. When The Deal Goes Down (Bob on keyboard, Tony on standup bass) 
7. Highway 61 Revisited (Bob on electric keyboard) 
8. Under The Red Sky (Bob on electric keyboard and harp) 
9. Rollin' And Tumblin' (Bob on electric keyboard, Donnie on electric mandolin) 
10. Chimes Of Freedom (Bob on electric keyboard and harp) 
11. Watching The River Flow (Bob on electric keyboard) 
12. Spirit On The Water (Bob on electric keyboard and harp, Tony on standup bass) 
13. Stuck Inside Of Mobile With The Memphis Blues Again (Bob on electric keyboard) 
14. Nettie Moore (Bob on electric keyboard, Donnie on violin) 
15. Summer Days (Bob on electric keyboard) 
16 Like A Rolling Stone (Bob on electric keyboard and harp) 
encore
17. Thunder On The Mountain (Bob on electric keyboard) 
18. All Along The Watchtower (Bob on electric keyboard) 
  

Do not sell, do not convert to lossy formats, do not remaster ect ect.

Enjoy !!

Another note ... In memoriam Guido, been already 5 years without you.

