Bob Dylan, 4/8/07, Amsterdam, The Netherlands, Heineken Music Hall, 2CDR

LB-4687, (78min+38min), Taper : bnz, Source : at831 - SP-SPSB-6 (Bass Roll-off at 107 HZ) - Edirol R09 at 44.1 Khz, Transfer : SD card > SDslot > PC > Soundforge 8.0 > Cdwave > Shorten > SHN, Total Time: 114:59 min, Due a drunk I had to cut out an argument between him and me between, It's Alright, Ma and When The Deal Goes Down, no music is missing, also after that I had 1 missed the left channel for a few minutes, I pasted that from the right channel, and made 5 pop fixes after, that patch all during When The Deal Goes Down, but those fixes are, not noticeable tmo., After the other two uploads I still decided two share this recording, since its good enough tmo and I want to thank the guy and women who, offered me their place when there was a risk that the drunk would be, became a problem for my tape. I missed them after the show but still, Thank you for that !!, Enjoy !!, Another note ... In memoriam Guido, been already 5 years without you.; bittorrent download 04/07; no cdr split specified; in comparison to LB-4686 they are very similar sound with this one maybe just slightly less warm

CD1
1. Intro, 2. Cat's In The Well (Bob on electric guitar, Donnie on violin), 3. It Ain't Me, Babe (Bob on electric guitar), 4. Just Like Tom Thumb's Blues (Bob on electric guitar), 5. It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding) (Bob on electric guitar, Donnie on violin), 6. When The Deal Goes Down (Bob on keyboard, Tony on standup bass), 7. Highway 61 Revisited (Bob on electric keyboard), 8. Under The Red Sky (Bob on electric keyboard and harp), 9. Rollin' And Tumblin' (Bob on electric keyboard, Donnie on electric mandolin), 10. Chimes Of Freedom (Bob on electric keyboard and harp), 11. Watching The River Flow (Bob on electric keyboard), 12. Spirit On The Water (Bob on electric keyboard and harp, Tony on standup bass), 13. Stuck Inside Of Mobile With The Memphis Blues Again (Bob on electric keyboard), 

CD2
14. Nettie Moore (Bob on electric keyboard, Donnie on violin), 15. Summer Days (Bob on electric keyboard), 16 Like A Rolling Stone (Bob on electric keyboard and harp), encore, 17. Thunder On The Mountain (Bob on electric keyboard), 18. All Along The Watchtower (Bob on electric keyboard)

Please retain this info file and its LB number as a marker for this lossless set
and if you spread it please list it in the description to avoid others getting duplicates
