Bob Dylan
Pavillon de Paris
Paris, France 
July 3, 1978

Taper: Unknown
Lineage: Reel to Reel Master>DAT>CD-R(Audio Catalyst)wav>(flacfrontend)flac8. 

Disc One:

1. She's Love Crazy
2. Baby Stop Crying
3. Mr. Tambourine Man
4. Shelter From The Storm
5. It's All Over Now, Baby Blue
6. Tangled Up In Blue
7. Ballad Of A Thin Man  
8. Maggie's Farm
9. I Don’t Believe You (She Acts Like We Never Have Met)  
10. Like A Rolling Stone 
11. I Shall Be Released 
12. Going, Going, Gone
 
Disc Two:

1. Rainy Day Women # 12 & 35
2. True Love Tends To Forget
3. It Ain't Me, Babe
4. The Man In Me
5. One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below)
6. Blowin' In The Wind
7. I Want You
8. Seńor (Tales Of Yankee Power)
9. Masters Of War
10. Oh, Sister (Bob Dylan–Jacques Levy/Bob Dylan)
11. Just Like A Woman
12. All Along The Watchtower
13. All I Really Want To Do
14. It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)
15. Forever Young
 
Disc Three:
1. Crowd
2. I'll Be Your Baby Tonight
3. The Times They Are A-Changin'
  
BONUS TRACKS:
April 3, 1987 Hollywood, California Sunset Sound Studios
4. Just When I needed You Most
5. Important Words
6. When Did You Leave Heaven?
7. Willie And The Hand Jive
8. Twist And Shout

Raymond Lee Pounds on drums, James Jamerson Jr. on bass, Jack Sherman on guitar


Concert # 12 of the 1978 European Tour. 1978 concert # 42.
Concert # 19 with the 1978 World Tour Band: 
Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar), 
Billy Cross (lead guitar), 
Alan Pasqua (keyboards), 
Steven Soles (rhythm guitar, backup vocals), 
David Mansfield (violin & mandolin), 
Steve Douglas (horns), 
Jerry Scheff (bass), 
Bobbye Hall (percussion), 
Ian Wallace (drums), 
Helena Springs, Jo Ann Harris, Carolyn Dennis (background vocals).

1, 13 instrumental without Bob Dylan.

15 Bob Dylan solo (vocal, guitar & harmonica).

5, 23 Bob Dylan (harmonica).

Note. Live debut of True Love Tends To Forget.

BobTalk

Thank you! It's now time to introduce the band. I know you know a lot .... 
wanna know who they are, what you’ve been listening to. On the drums tonight, 
Ian Wallace. Give him a warm hand. On the bass guitar, a very fine bass guitar 
player, Jerry Scheff. Thank you. On the keyboards, from Philadelphia, Alan Pasqua. 
From Mobile, Alabama, on lead guitar, Billy Cross. On the conga drums, from Detroit, 
Bobbye Hall. All right, on the rhythm guitar, a young man with a great future, for 
sure, Steve Soles. And on the mandolin and the guitar a young man you met earlier, 
David Mansfield. On the tenor saxophone, a young man who gave up a career as a 
airline scientist to play in this band, Steve Douglas. 
On the background vocals tonight, on the left, my fiancée Carolyn Dennis. All right! 
Carolyn Dennis! On the right, I also forget my fiancée’s name! On the right, 
Jo Ann Harris. And in the middle, another woman, a young lady actually, has a great 
future and a wonderful behind, Helena Springs. All right this is called, 
it's a song I wrote and recorded in New York City not too long ago. It's Alright Ma, 
I'm Only Bleeding.

Thank you. Thank you very much. We'll play this one. [audience chants ...] 
It must be somebody's birthday. All right, we'll play this song, it’s a song I recorded 
with The Band on Planet Waves. (before Forever Young)


THANK YOU OLOF AND GLEN DUNDAS!
Enjoy!
Charlespoet
 

