

The Oval
City Hall
Sheffield, England
30 April 1965

1.The Times They Are A-Changin'
2.To Ramona
3.Gates Of Eden
4.If You Gotta Go, Go Now
5.It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)
6.Love Minus Zero/No Limit

7.The Times They Are A-Changin'
8.To Ramona

9.Love Minus Zero/No Limit

10. To Ramona

11. Love Minus Zero/No Limit (soundcheck)

Bob Dylan (vocal, harmonica & guitar).

Concert footage of 1 and 2 partly released in the movie Donĺt Look Back, 17 May 1967.
Concert footage of 1 and 2 partly released on the video Donĺt Look Back, Virgin Music Video VVD 251, August 1986.
Concert footage of 1 and 2 partly released on DVD Donĺt Look Back, Docurama NVG-9447, January 2000.
Concert footage of 2 released in nearly full version by ABC-TV in the program 20-20, 10 October 1985.

Incomplete mono audience recording, 30 minutes.

2 and parts of 1 mono film soundtrack, 5 minutes.

7 and 8 from Don't Look Back film soundtrack.
9 From Don't Look Back DVD bonus material.

10 and 11 from 1965 Revisited



Here begins the debate of sources for the audio tracks on the Don't Look Back DVD.

To Ramona is listed on Olof and on the DVD as Sheffield but does not correspond the this audience tape's performance. Here is what Alan Fraser's site, Searching for a Gem, gives for some evidence as to the correct dates:

"To Ramona - this performance is not the one known by Dylan collectors to be from Sheffield (from an audience tape containing six songs which was definitely recorded at Sheffield). So where is it from?

The preface to the book "Do You Mr. Jones - Bob Dylan with the Poets and Professors" edited by Neil Corcoran may supply the answer!

In this preface Professor Corcoran recalls his first Dylan concert, in Newcastle on 6 May 1965. (Mine was the night after at the Free Trade Hall in Manchester on 7 May 1965). He tells of a microphone breakdown: "In Newcastle, after recovering briefly, the mike went dead once or twice again. Dylan seemed entirely patient and relaxed, sitting on the edge of the stage and talking to the immediate audience." Neil is confused because the "Don't Look Back" book says the microphone breakdown happened in Sheffield!

Now maybe the microphone did break down as noticeably in Sheffield as well as Newcastle, but I'd submit it's unlikely. My feeling therefore is that the Dylan camp have mixed the tapes, and the tape they call "Sheffield" is Newcastle, and vice-versa. They must have taken the performance of To Ramona from the tape with the microphone breakdown. This would then date it positively as City Hall, Newcastle, England, 6 May 1965. Any comments? Bob Stacy feels this isn't positive proof, and this recording may still come from one of the other shows that don't circulate, such as Leicester, Liverpool or Royal Albert Hall 10 May 1965, but I still think Newcastle is the most likely."

Love Minus Zero/No Limit has the same intro and outro as the audience tape so is almost 100% likely from this show and not Newcastle as listed on the DVD. (source: Searching for a Gem)
