#14 Bob Dylan & Mick Taylor (former Rolling Stones guitarist)
06-16-84
Muengersdorfer Stadion
Cologne, West Germany

Converted by:	Fendert
Conversion:	Tape>?x>CDR>Wav>FLAC
Quality:	Very Good / Audience

DO NOT CONVERT TO .MP3 OR ANY OTHER LOSSY FORMAT


Well this one puts us over the half-way mark of the tour and we are rewarded with a great 
quality recording that catches that band on a very good / great night.   This is the 14th 
Show of Bob Dylan's 1984 tour with former Rolling Stones guitarist Mick Taylor.  Dylan 
is taking it to the next level and the band is following along.  The German fans are really 
having a great time even though "Hurricane" is never played, lol.  Dylan does reward the 
enthusiastic crowd with a couple of treats.  This is the first performance of "Leopard-Skin 
Pill-Box Hat" this tour and the only performance of "Just Like Tom Thumb's Blues" 
played in 1984 and Dylan is in fine voice.  Every song seems to be transcending itself 
being pulled into greatness by some unrecognizable force.  Taylor's interpretation on 
"Simple Twist of Fate" and "Every Grain of Sand" is as usual great and different.  Dylan 
seems like he wants to take it easy at the beginning line of "Why Do I Have to Choose" 
but he can't and is compelled to give it his all and it's great.  Santana of course sucks.  I 
have the same comment about him as I do on every show.  I'm sure everyone is tired of it 
by now!  He plays on the last 5 songs and screws them all up.  What a shame.

Right now is the 20th Anniversary of those shows and I thought it would be cool to 
release each show to STG on the date of the actual show plus 20 years.  So, here is the 
fourteenth show; only 13 more!!!  We'll see if I can keep up with the rest of the tour.  


Disc 1
1.	Highway 61 Revisited
2.	Jokerman 
3.	All Along The Watchtower
4.	Just Like A Woman 
5.	Maggie's Farm 
6.	I And I
7.	License To Kill 
8.	A Hard Rain's A-Gonna Fall (acoustic)
9.	Tangled Up In Blue (acoustic) 
10.	It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding) (acoustic) 

Disc 2 
1.	Love Minus Zero - No Limit 
2.	Masters Of War 
3.	Ballad Of A Thin Man 
4.	Simple Twist Of Fate 
5.	Every Grain Of Sand 
6.	Like A Rolling Stone
7.	Mr. Tambourine Man (acoustic) 
8.	It Ain't Me, Babe (acoustic) 
9.	Leopard-Skin Pill-Box Hat 
10.	Tombstone Blues 
11.	Blowin' In The Wind 
12.	Just Like Tom Thumb's Blues 
13.	Why Do I Have To Choose?

