Since the next Bootleg Series is expected to be the Halloween concert (31 Oct 64), I dug out some of these old tapes and I've mastered up a new CD (79:58) that captures the folk scene in the early 60's where Dylan was the guest at a Baez concert, and later Baez was a guest at the Dylan concert. I don't expect that Bootleg Series Vol 6 will include 'Silver Dagger' so here I have included a complete recording of it, for the first time anywhere.


1. Forest Hills Tennis Stadium, Aug 17, 1963:
Troubled And I Don't Know Why 
Blowin' In The Wind

The tape I've used is a very high quality stereo PA tape. I've included the rest of the Baez set (14 songs) as it sets the scene nicely and this full show is probably quite rare. There are some nice Dylan connections in the full set list (Streets of Laredo / Railroad Boy / (unknown - sounds like an early Hard Rain type of song) / Little Darlin' / In the Pines / Pilgim of Sorrow / Where have all the Flowers Gone / 100 miles / I'm a Rambler, I'm a Gambler / Come all Ye Fair and Tender Maidens / 12 Gates into the City / The Lords Prayer / Amazing Grace / Silver Dagger / Troubled And I Don't Know Why (w Dylan) / Blowin' In The Wind (w Dylan) - cut at 2:13).


2. Forest Hills Tennis Stadium, Aug 8, 1964:
Mama, You Been On My Mind 
It Ain't Me, Babe 
With God On Our Side

This is from the fairly poor audience tape, but here presented in 'as good as it get's' quality. I've carefully removed the hiss, but there is is no disguising the over-recording on the original tape and the fairly turgid performances.

3. Philharmonic Hall, NYC, Oct 31, 1964:
Mama, You Been On My Mind 
Silver Dagger
With God On Our Side
It Ain't Me, Babe

Here I've used a very rare AUDIENCE tape. The reason I've opted for a poor quality audience tape instead of the PA tape is simply 'Silver Dagger'. This the only place you can hear Dylan's two harmonica spots during Silver Dagger. There is a fragment of Silver Dagger on the full PA tape, but it cuts before Dylan plays the harmonica. On this audience tape Silver Dagger is complete. The quality is slightly below the quality of the audience tape for 8 Aug 64 and is presented here 'as good as it gets'.

Les Kokay