Ok here's the truth about the origins of this tape and how it was
obtained.

#1. This is the late show.

During "Gotta Travel On" Joan Baez says, "There will be no encore
tonight."

That's because during the 5/3/76 early show, Joanie attempted an
acapella solo encore and was hooted off-stage by folks wanting more
Dylan. That announcement was from a Joan who'd had enough of rude New
Orleans audiences.

The early show was recorded from the audience, but the recording
apparently has never circulated.

#2. The soundboard tape was liberated in exchange for a plastic
bagie's worth of some sort of smokable commodity from Columbia. The
fellow who did this was the room mate of a well known trader and
infamous Deadhead, Mike D. during his tenure at Tulane. Mike
subsequently circulated the low gen copies as fast as he could. (May
through August 1976)

IN OTHER WORDS: Omo traded an ounce of fine Columbian herb to the
soundman for this tape.

#3. The audience tape of the late show was stopped when a roadie or
stagehand caught the taper and cut the microphone cord. This happened
during Idiot Wind. The taper had an accomplice who already had the
prior recorded portion of the show in his pocket, and he got away with
it. The taper was not ejected from the show as was rumored. (This taper
is still around, lurking at this site sometimes.) That audience tape
does not circulate, as it was decided to make only the soundboard tapes
available throughout the trading community in 1976.

#4. The master tapes were bartered away in August 1976 during a
drought, for the price of some blonde lebenese.........

IN OTHER WORDS: Omo traded the master tapes away for some hashish.

#5. In August 1976, the master tapes were carefully stored away and
have never been converted to any digital format, as the person holding
the tapes had left the trading community in the early 80's. 

That, my dear friends, is the actual truth about this recording, and
hopefully it will end the speculation about which show this is, where
the audience recordings are, and if there are low gen copies
circulating. 

I was one of the folks involved in that above story, as I was also an
active taper in New Orleans and Tulane at the same time. I'm sharing
that story to set the record straight as it is a tribute to my
compatriot, Mike D. because he made sure that the soundboard tape was
put into circulation within the week of the show. (Which was a very
good turn-around time for 1976.)

God Bless You,  Mike, looks like you're still making tape traders
happy, long after you've shuffled off this mortal coil.

You were a class act and I'm proud to have been your friend.

Mr. Freezer

