Bob Dylan, 10/15/02, Los Angeles, CA, The Wiltern, 2CDR

LB-4974, (69min+59min), jb; Great show. Great recording. This is the first night of the three Wiltern shows in October 2002. Taped from third row in the Loge with the same gear as my 2006 LA Forum show, and it sounds very similar, maybe a bit better. There may be other versions of this show, but this one has never been circulated and is certainly worth having. Very clear, even mix. Guitars, piano and vocals very clear. A good crowd. Very little close clapping and no screamers., Didn't know how busy I would at work, so I initially only bought tickets for the first night. Lots of tickets out front before the show. When the show was so great, I went back for night three figuring I could easily snag a ticket. After night one, the LA Times printed a glowing review, including the printing of the setlist. There wasn't an extra ticket in sight., Sonics>Sony D7 DAT>ProTools (for level adjustment, compression, eq, and song separation)>flac, Taped and mastered by JB. Please don't sell or convert to lossy format.; bittorrent download 05/07;  harsh, different recording than LB-723 based on different crowd on d1t7; in comparison this is harsher; (did not listen to all of this)

CD 1 (68:07), 1. Seeing The Real You At Last (Bob on piano), 2. Tell Me That It Isn't True (Bob on piano and harp and Larry on pedal steel), 3. Tombstone Blues (Bob on piano), 4. The End Of The Innocence (Song by Don Henley and Bruce Hornsby) (Bob on piano), 5. Things Have Changed (Bob on piano), 6. Brown Sugar, 7. One Too Many Mornings (acoustic) (Larry on pedal steel), 8. It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding) (acoustic), (Bob on piano, Larry on cittern, Charlie on electric and Tony on standup bass), 9. I Shall Be Released (acoustic), 10. Drifter's Escape (Bob on harp), 11. Don't Think Twice, It's All Right (acoustic), 12. Old Man (acoustic) (Song by Neil Young) (Bob and Larry on acoustic guitars, Charlie on electric guitar and Tony on electric bass), CD 2 (59:17), 1. Honest With Me (Bob on piano and Larry on slide guitar), 2. Mr. Tambourine Man (acoustic), 3. High Water (For Charley Patton) (Bob on piano), 4. Mutineer (Song by Warren Zevon) (Bob on piano and Larry on pedal steel), 5. Floater (Too Much To Ask) (Bob on piano), 6. Summer Days, Encore, 7. Knockin' On Heaven's Door (acoustic) (Charlie on electric guitar), 8. All Along The Watchtower

Please retain this info file and its LB number as a marker for this lossless set
and if you spread it please list it in the description to avoid others getting duplicates
