
Some notes comparing the sets that comprise these two discs with the 
previously circulating versions. Special thanks for Mick for taking 
the time to analyze & compare this stuff 'cause I could never have 
done this.

c.l

------------------------

I've compared the tracks from this new compilation to existing
circulating versions.  In addition to listening tests, all tracks were
loaded into Cool Edit Pro so I could have a look at them and to do a
spectrum analysis.

The Leeds Demos are the only tracks that are not an improvement.  They
appear to be a direct copy from the "In The Pines" CD.

For starters, the frequency response of all three of the other
recordings extends to 22 kHz.

The Oscar Brand tracks on the previous "I Was So Much Younger Then"
compilation have a frequency response that drops off the chart at about
16 kHz.  Although the aural difference isn't dramatic, the new version
sounds more natural and open.  It's also a hoot to hear Dylan tell Oscar
Brand with a straight face that he learned his songs from traveling with
carnivals when he was between 13 and 19 years old.

The only complete version of Carnegie Chapter Hall that I had for this
comparison was a 192kbps MP3 that I believe was taken from the "Acoustic
Troubadour" boot.  Frequency response dies on that one at 9.5 kHz.  The
new one, supposedly from a first generation tape copy, is a significant
improvement, again sounding much more natural.  This is definitely the
version to own.  Interestingly, both versions experience distortion on
the louder guitar parts, so I guess the original recording levels were
just set a little too hot.

The other recording on this set is the December 22, 1961 tape recorded
at Bonnie Beacher's apartment.  This is more commonly known as the
Minnesota Hotel Tape.  The best previously circulating version was on
the Wanted Man release, "The Minnesota Tapes".  To the naked ear, both
versions sound pretty close, although the volume of the newer version is
lower.  It wasn't until I loaded them both into Cool Edit Pro that I saw
the differences.  Although the frequency response of both versions
extends to 22 kHz, the new version has a slightly better response in the
high end.  To be honest, it kind of looks like someone boosted the
frequency above 14 kHz, but there is a more open sound to my ears.  It's
not a huge difference, but noticeable if you are listening for it.  For
the purists, however, this new version is the one to get.  In a wave
editor, you can see that the Wanted Man version has been slightly
compressed.  Specifically, hard limiting has been applied to smooth out
the levels.  That's common mastering practice and on this type of
recording would be highly recommended.  The limiting was done
judiciously and does not alter the sound.  Still, for the purist wanting
to get as close to the original as possible, this new one is it.

Any way you look at it, this new compilation is a "must have" for lovers
of this material.  The sound quality is on par with the "Gaslight Tapes
1962" release which upgraded the Oct. '62 Gaslight tape.  Additionally,
if you also have "Echo's Album" with its superior version of the 5/2/63
show from The Bear in Chicago, then the "In The Pines" CD is now
irrelevant and outdated.

Mick McLaughlin  (aka Unicorn)

