Bob Dylan, 6/10/84, Copenhagen, Denmark, 2CDR

LB-5219, (70min+57min), Taper: NET Taper B, Source: Low-gen audio disks > (dBpowerAMP set to compression level 6) flac., Note: The label "NET Taper B" was assigned to this taper before I was aware that his recordings pre-dated the beginning of the NET., Since other errors had also been made in this regard (for example, NET Taper A), and since it was impossible to undo the previous, torrents where the identification was used. I decided simply to retain the erroneous label so as to have a single label attached to a, single taper. This taper is sometimes referred to be his initials, but I have no direct evidence that such an identification is, approved by the taper. (The taper identification here is from my source for the recording; his identifications have been, in my, experience, among the most reliable.), Note: There are three versions of this show archived at LB. One of these, LB-801,is said to be from the "cb" master. If so, then, it is a different master from the present torrent. The second, LB-1813, the Fendert conversion, was judged by the LB textfile, writer to be from the same recording as the "cb" master. The third version, LB-3915,is from the "sm" master. It may be, then, that, this version is different from these three items. However, I have been unable to verify whether it is correct that all three of these, great tapers ("cb", "sm", NET Taper B) did indeed tape this show, and I have not had an opportunity to compare the present recording, to the LB items. In some respects, all the recordings listed and also the NTB version are similar. The sound of rain, at the end of d1 t6 seems common to all the recordings.All versions seem to have "Imagination" cut out, but the LB textfiles, say "most" of it is cut while the NTB version has only Dylan's intro and none of the actual song -- perhaps there is some, difference here., There is a very clear fingerprint, however, on the NTB version that is not mentioned in any of the LB textfiles:, at the beginning of track 5 before Maggie's Farm,there is some clear talking involving umbrellas and having a spare one! This, is such an obvious fingerprint that any one wishing to know whether (s)he has this recording can check it quickly., As far as I know, this date has not been shared at HC, so I am offering it both because it may be an alternative to the current, LB entries and even more because it is a fine recording in my opinion.; bittorrent download 07/07; this is a close eac match to LB-801 on d1t3; (did not listen to all of this)

Disk One, 1 Highway 61 Revisited 2 Jokerman 3 All Along The Watchtower 4 Just Like A Woman 5 Maggie's Farm 6 I And I 7 License To Kill, 8 intro to Greg Sutton "Imagination" but none of the song 9 Mr. Tambourine Man (acoustic) 10 It Ain't Me, Babe (acoustic), 11 It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding) (acoustic) 12 It's All Over Now, Baby Blue 13 Masters Of War, Disk Two, 1 Ballad Of A Thin Man 2 Simple Twist Of Fate 3 Every Grain Of Sand 4 Like A Rolling Stone 5 Tangled Up In Blue (acoustic), 6 Girl From The North Country (acoustic) 7 Blowin' In The Wind 8 Tombstone Blues 9 Why Do I Have To Choose, 10 Love Minus Zero/No Limit 11 The Times They Are A-Changin'

Please retain this info file and its LB number as a marker for this lossless set
and if you spread it please list it in the description to avoid others getting duplicates
