Golden Hall
San Diego, California
26 November 1980
 
SOURCE : AUD recording of unknown generation 
LINEAGE : ? > shns > me > you
NOTES : very good sound, this source is missing first two songs ("Gotta Serve Somebody" and "I Believe In You")
	- beginning of these tracks cut : d1t1, d1t20, d2t5 ; d1t4 stumble @ :20; d1t16 dropout @ :01
DISC ONE 
1. Like A Rolling Stone beginning cut)
2. Regina McCreary Havis: Till I Get It Right (Red Lane/Larry Henley)
3. Man Gave Names To All The Animals
4. Simple Twist Of Fate
5. We Just Disagree (Jim Krueger)
6. All Along The Watchtower
7. A Couple More Years (Shel Silverstein/Dennis Locorriere)
8. Intermission Speech #1
9. Ain't Gonna Go To Hell For Anybody
10. Girl From The North Country
11. Slow Train
12. Carolyn Dennis: Walk Around Heaven All Day (Rev. James Cleveland/Cassietta George)
13. Abraham, Martin And John (Dick Holler)
14. Rise Again (Dallas Holm)
15. Let's Keep It Between Us
16. Intermission Speech #2 
17. Mary From The Wild Moor (trad.)
18. Solid Rock
19. Just Like A Woman
20. Se˝or (Tales Of Yankee Power) - beginning cut)
 
DISC TWO 
1. The Groom's Still Waiting At The Altar
2. What Can I Do For You?
3. When You Gonna Wake Up
4. In The Garden
5. Blowin' In The Wind - (beginning cut) 
6. City Of Gold
7. It's All Over Now, Baby Blue
8. A Hard Rain's A-Gonna Fall
 
Concert # 14 of A Musical Retrospective Tour. 1980 concert # 67.

Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar), Fred Tackett (guitar & mandolin), Willie Smith (keyboards), Tim Drummond (bass), Jim Keltner (drums), Clydie King, Carolyn Dennis, Regina Havis (background vocals).

BOBTALK 
Thank you! Thank you! This is a new song we been working on, trying to put together, called I Ain't Gonna Go To Hell For Anybody. 

When we used to play here in San Diego, we used to stay at the Grand Hotel on Broadway, you know where that is? Anyway they just closed it last week, so we had to stay at the Holiday Inn, ha ha. Anyway theyĺve got fourteen, fifteen floors on the Holiday Inn. We have very nice views from up there and all that, but the balcony they all ..., on every floor all the balconies connect. So when you go outside your balcony, if walk across the fence and all the way down as far as you can, you can go through everybody's room. Looking through windows in everybodyĺs room. Anyway, it weren't like that at the Grand Hotel. Ha ha. I was in my room, it must have been three o'clock in the morning, something like that. And I was washing my face in the bathroom. And they got phones in the bathroom by the way, so I picked it up and said, "Hello" and it was somebody that I knew so I started talking on the telephone. And ..., I heard somebody come in my room. From the balcony, fourteen floors up. So I said to them "I think there's somebody come in my room." So I went out to see who it was. It was a couple of newly weds. Had gotten out of their apartment, their room, and had come across all the balconies and walked into my room. With a big bottle of champagne. So I invited them down here tonight and they're out there somewhere tonight. Anyway, I want to do this song for them, hope they have a long and happy marriage. It's called I Ain't Gonna Go To Hell For Anybody.

People are always asking me about old songs and new songs. Anyway, this is a real old song. I used to sing this before I even wrote any songs. One of them old Southern Mountain ballads, I guess everybody used to do them. Last time we played, I think it was in Tucson, ... there was a review in the newspapers that I'd like to get straight. The man that came to the show and reviewed it, didn't know where all the songs came from. Anyway this one here he said was about Jesus being born in the manger. Well that's not entirely true about this song. It's just an old Southern Mountain ballad that's all it is, about somebody dyin' in the snowstorm. Anyway, it's called Mary And The Wild Moor.

http://www.bjorner.com/DSN05910%201980%20A%20Musical%20Retrospective%20Tour.htm#DSN06080