Bob Dylan, 10/17/89, Washington, DC USA, 2CDR

LB-7299, (53min+36min), jojogunne; vg to vg+ (w/ flashes of ex-) aud, UNCIRCULATED MASTER, IMHO, this is very rare, (but I could be wrong), CD one: 8 tracks, 43:19, CD two: 9 tracks, 43:36, TT: 86:55, This is the COMPLETE show : I was there, I know., Sound quality:, very good to very good plus, 7.5-8.5/10 IMHO, as always., Lineage:, Stereo tie mic > Sony Walkman WM-F46 analog tape recorder >, Maxell UDS-I 90 high-quality normal bias master tape >, JVC TD-W505 stereo double cassette deck >, AIWA XC-RW700 CD/CD recorder (created tracks here) >, Memorex Cool Colors 80 min. music CD-Rs >, Cakewalk Pyro 2005 (ripped CD-R to HD here) >, Cakewalk Pyro 2005 (retracked and edited wav files here) >, Trader's Little Helper (encoded wav to flac, level 8, aligned on sector boundaries), I WAS at this show with the taper so this description will be, a little longer than usual. Pretty clear instruments, usually, indistinct vocals. No distortion, no speed problems, virtually, no hiss, mild audience talking. I still have my Ticket Center, ticket stub from almost 20 years ago and here is what it says:, TIER-D ROW A SEAT 1. This was taped pretty close to the stage., I do remember being on the left side of the stage, looking at the, audience from the stage. Check out the DAR Constitution Hall's, website for a seating chart and you'll see exactly where we were., Herewith some random reminisences from that day so long ago:, It was a very nice fall evening right around the corner from the, White House. There was no security so no problem getting the gear, inside. Jason and The Scorchers opened for Bob and (no offense to, any readers) we both thought that they sucked. They were NOT recorded., After a short intermission, Bob took the stage and the crowd went wild., Bob seemed to be stumbling around the stage and the sound quality of, the show was not the greatest. Amazingly, what we heard with our own, ears is almost exactly what you'll hear on the recording. The vocals, were subdued but the instruments for the most part were very clear., I don't think that the venue was to blame because I saw ABWH there, 5 months later and the sound was crystal clear. I have no logical, explanation for the vocal quality that night so perhaps we can blame, it on the sound man and be done with it. The crowd was psyched and there, was a small amount of talking going on but the music drowns almost all, of it out. The setlist is interesting and it was a good show., Finally, this recording to my knowledge has never been released. I debated, about uploading this because it's not as good as the ones that I usually, upload but if you listen to this on headphones, I think that you'll, be somewhat impressed. Listening to this show initially on a car stereo, might be a mistake. There is one flaw: there was a tape flip towards the, end of Ode To Barbara Allen. The other side of that weld is very quiet and, then it quickly gains volume. That is an idiosyncrasy of the WM-F46 and there's, little that one can do about it. I upped this because I'm very sure that this, recording is extremely rare. I've never seen it ANYWHERE. There are experts, in the Dime congregation who can tell me if I'm right about the rarity of, this so please let me know if I'm right or wrong. This show was reviewed in, Rolling Stone a few weeks after the concert and the review was none too, flattering to Uncle Bob. If this is a rare show, I'm upping it in the hopes, that more people will open their personal vaults like I have and share the, wealth. I used to be a hoarder a long time ago and then it dawned on me that, hoarding is pretty senseless. You could sell the stuff and risk legal problems, down the line or you could just give it away for free and hope that others will, do the same. Dime et al. have increased my personal collection to the point of, idiocy and I'm just trying to pay back all the wonderful people who've given, me and us so much already. That's about all that I have, so let's wrap this up....., No buy, no sell, no mp3. Please seed this as long as you can., I will post a sample to help people decide if they want this, but trust me, it's a very good to very good plus quality, show (with flashes of ex minus !). Listen to this on headphones, for an enjoyable experience! If you have a better rendition of, this show, up it by all means. If you know what you're doing and, would like to remaster this, do it with my blessing., Well, thanks for reading this and Mr. Natural would like to add, these few comments: have fun, don't freak out and by all means, enjoy the concert!!!, jojogunne 3/20/2009 (March 20, 2009), Happy First Day of Spring !; bittorrent download 03/09; cdr splits not specified; different recording than LB-205 based on different crowd talking at beginning of d1t11; in comparison this is more muffled and that is harsher; (did not listen to all of this)

drop cut end of d1t10; has drops anc cuts near some track boundaries

CD1
1 To Be Alone With You 2 Man In The Long Black Coat 3 Man Of Peace 4 I Want You 5 Ballad Of A Thin Man 6 Highway 61 Revisited 7 It's All Over Now, Baby Blue (acoustic) 8 Barbara Allen (acoustic) 9 Gates Of Eden (acoustic) 10 Boots Of Spanish Leather (acoustic) 

CD2
1 Everything Is Broken 2 It Takes A Lot To Laugh, It Takes A Train To Cry 3 Precious Memories 4 In The Garden 5 Like A Rolling Stone 6 Most Of The Time 7 All Along The Watchtower

Please retain this info file and its LB number as a marker for this lossless set
and if you spread it please list it in the description to avoid others getting duplicates
