Bob Dylan, 20 Feb 78, Tokyo Budokan Hall, 2CDR

This first concert of the 1978 tour proved to be a major problem in trying to sort out a decent tape.
There are two different mono tapes, but neither is particually good; one LB-4760 is fairly dull sounding, and the other LB-1018 is very harsh and distorted (over-recorded?). 
I haven't used the LB source tapes, but have mastered these recordings from my cassettes of these recordings.
Here I have used the best part of the less harsh tape and only used the second tape for the last 4 songs. For these last 4 songs the less harsh tape gets noticably poorer, and as the concert seems to drop in volume the harsh tape begins to sound a lot better. Additionally, the first tape tends to have drop outs and major volume reductions on one channel, so I tended to use the better channel for large parts of the tape. 

Make sure you have a listen to the only performance in 1978 of "Something There is About You"

CD1
1 Lonesome in my Bedroom 
2 Mr Tambourine Man, 
3 I Threw It All Away, 
4 Love Minus Zero/No Limit, 
5 If You see her say Hello
6 Ballad of a Thin Man
7 Girl Of The North Country, 
8 Something There is About You, 
9 Maggie's Farm, 
10 Don't Think Twice. its alright
11 To Ramona
12 Like A Rolling Stone, 
13 I Shall Be Released, 
14 Going, Going, Gone, 

CD2
1 Sooner Or Later, 
2 Blowin' In The Wind,
3 Just Like A Woman, 
4 Oh Sister, 
5 You're A Big Girl Now, 
6 All Along The Watchtower, 
7 Simple Twist of Fate
8 All I really wanna do
9 The Man in Me
10 Tomorrow Is A Long Time, 
11 Knockin' On Heaven's Door,
12 (band intro)
13 It's Alright Ma, I'm Only Bleeding, 
14 Forever Young, 
15 The Times They Are A-Changin'

BobTalk (corrected)

This is off the Blood On The Tracks album. (before If You See Her, Say Hello)

This is off the Desire album. (before Oh Sister)

Thank you. Playing the flute tonight is Steve Douglas over there. On bass guitar is Rob Stoner. Lead guitar is Billy Cross. On rhythm guitar Steve Soles. On drums Ian Wallace. On organ Alan Pasqua. That's Helena Springs on the right, Jo Ann Harris is in the middle and Debbie Gibson is on the left. She's my wife. On the violin the baby of the group David Mansfield. Bobbye Hall on the conga drums. (before It’s Alrigh, Ma (I’m Only Bleeding).

Thank you. We're gonna play this song and say goodbye till tomorrow night. (before Forever Young)

