Information from:

Olof Björner's
Bob Dylan
Yearly Chronicles

Mid-State Fairground
Paso Robles, California
6 August 1986
 
 1. Shake A Hand (Joe Morris) 
 2. All Along The Watchtower 
 3. Clean Cut Kid 
 4. I'll Remember You
 5. Shot Of Love 
 6. We Had It All (Donny Fritts-Troy Seals) 
 7. Brownsville Girl (Bob Dylan & Sam Shepard)
 8. Masters Of War 
 9. It Ain't Me, Babe 
10. One Too Many Mornings 
11. Mr. Tambourine Man 
12. I Forgot More Than You'll Ever Know (Cecil A. Null) 
13. Band Of The Hand 
14. When The Night Comes Falling From The Sky 
15. Lonesome Town (Baker Knight) 
16. Ballad Of A Thin Man  
Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers:
 Heartbreak Hotel (Jerry Leiber/Mike Stoller)   
17. Rainy Day Women # 12 & 35 
18. Gotta Serve Somebody 
19. Seeing The Real You At Last 
20. Across The Borderline (Ry Cooder/John Hiatt/Jim Dickinson) 
21. I And I 
22. Like A Rolling Stone 
23. In The Garden
24. Blowin' In The Wind 
25. Uranium Rock (Warren Smith) 
26. Knockin' On Heaven's Door
 


Concert #41 of the 1986 True Confessions US Tour. Concert #60 with Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers. 1986 concert #60.
Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar) with Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers.

Tom Petty (guitar),
Mike Campbell (guitar), 
Benmont Tench (keyboards), 
Howie Epstein (bass),Stan Lynch (drums)

and with The Queens Of Rhythm: Carolyn Dennis, Queen Esther Marrow, Madelyn Quebec, Louise Bethune (backing vocals).

9-11 Bob Dylan solo (vocal & guitar).
8, 9, 11, 26 Bob Dylan (harmonica).
12, 24, 26 Bob Dylan and Tom Petty (shared vocals).
17 Howie Epstein (slide guitar), Tom Petty (bass).

Notes
·          Live debut of Brownsville Girl.
·          Only the chorus of Brownsville Girl is performed.
·          7 partly broadcast by ABC-TV in the program “Entertainment Tonight”, 7 August 1986.

BobTalk

OK, that was an old song that I recorded. We did that for TV. Anyway I’ll get back to the regular part of the program here. (after Brownsville Girl)

All right Ricky Nelson he did a lot of my songs. I admired him a great deal, we’ll do one of his called Lonesome Town.

OK I wanna introduce the girls who are singing up here tonight. That's Carolyn Dennis and Louise Bethune, and Madelyn Quebec and Queen Esther Marrow. (before Across The Borderline) 

OK I wanna introduce Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers now to you. A great band and a great ... full of great talent. Anyway so much crap these days you know passes off as rock ‘n’ roll. It's a real rock ‘n’ roll band here. OK on the keyboards now, yeah I know, I know anybody would sound good with this group, Benmont Tench. Mike Campbell on lead guitar. Stan Lynch on the drums. Howie Epstein on the bass. And of course you know Al Kooper sitting in tonight on keyboards too. Actually I wanna thank our soundman, I haven’t thanked him yet. Ginaro Rippo, he's out there somewhere. And lighting man of course, Stephen Bishop. Ha-ha most of the shows we play in daytime anyway. I wish. (before Like A Rolling Stone)

OK I wanna dedicate this next song to anybody out there being punished right now for doing good things. And I know there's enough people being punished for doing bad things. (before In The Garden)

All right, I’m gonna play these last few songs I guess and hit the road. I'm going off to make a movie now, wish me good luck. Ha-ha, I’m gonna need it. (after Blowin' In The Wind)

Bootleg

Take A Train. Archive Series LP.

3 new songs (11%) compared to previous concert. 1 new song for this toInformation from:

Stereo audience recording, 120 minutes.

CD(Trade) > EAC > FLAC > HD > Hungercity > You 

