
unknown lineage > trade cdr > eac > wav > flac 

Notes from Olav:



Bob Dylan 


  
Greensboro Coliseum
  
 
  
Greensboro, North Carolina
  
 
  
7 December 1978
  

 

 

1.  My Back Pages
  
2.  She’s Love Crazy (Tampa Red)
  
3.  Mr. Tambourine Man
  
4.  Shelter From The Storm
  
5.  Love Minus Zero/No Limit
  
6.  Tangled Up In Blue
  
7.  Ballad Of A Thin Man
  
8.  Maggie's Farm
  
9.  I Don’t Believe You (She Acts Like We Never Have Met)
  
10.  Like A Rolling Stone
  
11.  I Shall Be Released
  
12.  Seńor (Tales Of Yankee Power)
  
 
   
  
13.  The Times They Are A-Changin'
  
14.  Rainy Day Women # 12 & 35
  
15.  It Ain't Me, Babe
  
16.  Am I Your Stepchild?
  
17.  One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below)
  
18.  Blowin' In The Wind
  
19.  Girl From The North Country
  
20.  Where Are You Tonight? (Journey Through Dark Heat)
  
21.  Masters Of War
  
22.  Just Like A Woman
  
23.  All Along The Watchtower
  
24.  To Ramona
  
25.  It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)
  
26.  Forever Young
  
 
  —
  
27.  Changing Of The Guards
  

 

 

Concert # 58 of the 1978 US Fall Tour. 1978 concert # 107

 

Concert # 84 with the 1978 World Tour Band: Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar), Billy Cross (lead guitar), Alan Pasqua (keyboards), Steven Soles (rhythm guitar, backup vocals), David Mansfield (violin & mandolin), Steve Douglas (horns), Jerry Scheff (bass), Bobbye Hall (percussion), Ian Wallace (drums), Helena Springs, Jo Ann Harris, Carolyn Dennis (background vocals).

 

1 instrumental without Bob Dylan.

 

3, 5, 15, 16, 22 Bob Dylan (harmonica).

14 Helena Springs, Jo Ann Harris, Carolyn Dennis (vocals) without Bob Dylan.

15 Bob Dylan solo (vocal, harmonica & guitar).

 

BobTalk

You remember those carnivals that used to come through with geeks in them? Remember the geeks? I remember the carnivals in the Midwest in the 50’s, everyone had a geek. You know what a geek is? A geek is a man, if you don't know, that eats a live chicken. Bites the head off, eats that, then continues to eat the rest of it. He sweeps the feathers up with a broom. In them days it cost a quarter to see him. Nowadays I guess it must be about 10, 15 bucks, but back then it cost a quarter. So, no one paid too much, ha ha ha, no one would hang out with the geek as I remember. No one ever did get too tight with him. Anyway, I was speaking one day to this bearded lady at the breakfast table. She said to me that this man was low down, lower than low. He thought everybody else was freaky except him. Maybe he was down on his luck, but he weren't nothing to be ashamed about. Anyway, years later that came back to me as I was wondering around and people used to look at me in a strange way. I used to think about that. That one particular incident caused me to write this song. (before Ballad Of A Thin Man)

Thank you. All right. I was taking a train one time through Mexico, from (…..) up to San Diego. Anyway, I fell asleep on this train and I think it was about midnight, and the train had stopped outside a place called Monterey. And as I was just waking up from this sleep I was looking through the window, which was like a long mirror. And I was watching a whole family get off the train and one old man stepped up onto the train. This old man gets up onto the train wearing nothing but a blanket and he came down the aisle and took a seat across the aisle from me. I was just watching through the mirror of this train. Anyway, the pressure (…..) better of me as the train was just stopping at the station. I turned to look at him and I could see that his eyes were on fire and there was smoke coming out of his nostrils, but I tried not to pay too much attention to that. I turned around and I was thinking to myself that this was the man that I wanted to talk to. Anyway, when I turned around to talk to him he disappeared. (before Seńor (Talkes Of Yankee Power))

Thank you. (…..). Anyway, this is a new song I wrote about six months ago about a horrible love affair. (before Am I Your Stepchild?)

Thank you. A few years back, it happened to…my particular day, the day I was born there happens to be a particular high holy gypsy holiday. It’s true. It’s just a coincidence, I guess but it’s still true. Anyway, that particular day gypsies from all over Europe, they'd go to one special place and party for a week. Yeah, it’s like Christmas time. So, one year I decided to go over there and check it out. I'd heard about it before. Anyway, I went over there and I did manage to meet the king of the gypsies. A young man who had 16 wives and 125 children and girlfriends on the side too. Anyway, he kinda took me under his wing, for at least that week. But after the end of that week I had done just about everything twice and stayed up the whole week, and there was time to leave, so he asked (…..) we all go our separate ways, “what would you like?” I was so tired all I could think of was “give me one more cup of coffee for the road.” And they give it to me, black.

Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on the drums tonight, give him a warm welcome, Mr. Ian Wallace. On the bass guitar, Jerry Scheff. On the organ and all the rest of the keyboards, Alan Pasqua. On the lead guitar Billy Cross. On the violin and mandolin, David Mansfield. Rhythm guitar, Steve Soles. On the tenor saxophone, the phenomenal Steve Douglas. On the backup vocals, my ex-girlfriend, Jo Ann Harris. My new girlfriend, Helena Springs. And my fiancée, Carolyn Dennis. On the conga drums, from Detroit, the most amazing Miss Bobbye Hall. (before It’s Alright, Ma (I’m Only Bleeding))

Thank you. We're about ready to go now. Anyway, we may be back. I'm not ready to put out to pasture just yet. (before Forever Young)

 

1 new song (3%) compared to previous concert. No new songs for this tour.



Mono audience recording, 155 minutes.

 

Session info updated 31 March 2003.
