Bob Dylan, 8/23/08, Niagara Falls, 2CDR

(55min+56min), Contemporary Tapers Series #1, bd2003-08-23 Niagara Falls (Taper: CTA= Travelin' Man Records), Shns downloaded from the taper, Here is another in the series of high quality, low-gen recordings I promised to seed., (See end of the message for a general statement concerning the three sub-series.), General comments on the series:, In the belief that Bit Torrent is an extremely effective means of sharing the music of, Bob Dylan, I will be seeding over the next months (while I have an optimal internet, situation) a number of excellent recordings in most cases derived from cdrs/shn files, off the masters. It has been my practice to identify such recordings by means of the use, of initials or some acronym etc. However, until I can make certain that the tapers, involved do not object to the use of such identificational strategies, I will use totally, arbitrary letters to identify the tapers involved., There will be three series: (a) Legendary Tapers Series: tapers who may still be at work, today, but whose recordings go back to the 1970's and 1980's; (b) NET Tapers Series: tapers, who may still be at work, but whose work essentially begins with the NET; (c) Contemporary, Tapers Series: tapers whose work is rather recent. The Tapers will be identified as LTA, LTB, NTA, NTB, CTA, CTB, Nothing is implied by the letter of the alphabet used for a, given taper. If permission to use a more memorable label is given, then I will append it, to the above codes., Enjoy!;; excellent sound; upgrade over previous version; this one sounds brighter

has crowd firework pop noises on d2t5 & d2t6

CD1
1. Tombstone Blues (Bob on piano, Tommy on electric guitar), 2. Lay, Lady, Lay (Bob on piano and harp, Larry on pedal steel, Tommy on electric, guitar), 3. Tweedle Dee & Tweedle Dum (Bob on piano, Tommy on electric guitar), 4. Make You Feel My Love (Bob on piano and harp, Tommy on electric guitar), 5. Dignity (Bob on piano, Tommy on electric guitar), 6. Highway 61 Revisited (Bob on piano, Tommy on electric guitar), 7. Shooting Star (Bob on piano and harp, Larry on pedal steel, Tommy on electric guitar), 8. Most Likely You Go Your Way (And I'll Go Mine) (Bob on piano and harp), 9. Cry A While (Bob on piano, Tommy on electric guitar), 

CD2
10. Mr. Tambourine Man (acoustic) (Bob on piano and harp, Tommy on acoustic guitar), 11. High Water (For Charley Patton) (Bob on piano, Tommy on electric guitar), 12. Honest With Me (Bob on piano, Larry on slide guitar, Tommy on electric guitar), 13. Forever Young (Bob on piano, Larry on acoustic guitar, Tommy and Freddie on, electric guitars, Tony on electric bass), 14. Summer Days (Bob on piano, Tony on standup bass, Tommy on electric guitar), (encore), 15. Like A Rolling Stone (Bob on piano), 16. All Along The Watchtower (Bob on piano and harp, Tommy on electric guitar), Band Members, Bob Dylan - piano, harp, Larry Campbell - guitar, slide guitar, pedal steel, Freddie Koella - guitar, Tony Garnier - bass, George Recile - drums
