Bob Dylan
Los Angeles, California
December 18, 1997
El Rey Theater

CDR trade -> WAV -> FLAC (level 8)
no artwork

excellent audience recording (could be confused for a soundboard!)

no talking to disrupt the recording, I'd give it an A+ without any resevations, it's that good. don't miss this one!

if you have the booted show 12/19/97 "Don't be Late" it's the same tapers, I think, the 
recordings sound very similar.

D1
1. intro
2. Maggie's Farm 
3. I Want You 
4. Cold Irons Bound 
5. Born In Time 
6. Can't Wait 
7. Silvio 
8. Stone Walls And Steel Bars 
9. Mr. Tambourine Man 
10. Tangled Up In Blue 
11. It Takes A Lot To Laugh, It Takes A Train To Cry 
12. Blind Willie McTell 
13. band intro
14. 'Til I Fell In Love With You 
 
D2
1. Like A Rolling Stone 
2. It Ain't Me, Babe 
3. Love Sick 
4. Rainy Day Women #12 & 35 

This is a very special concert to me (maybe my favorite of 35 the Dylan shows I've seen).
my brother and I drove down to LA from
San Francisco for this run of concerts in the small club that held about 900 people.
we were fortunate to get tickets to the first three of the five shows, so this was
the last show as far as we were concerned.  The previous two nights were absolutely magical 
shows we did the whole waiting in line all day and were rewarded with the front row each night .  This night
was no different(by the way there was no rail at these shows, you could touch Dylan if you leaned over the stage a bit!).
  we really wanted to hear Born In Time, in fact I said under my breath after Cold Irons Bound
"Come on Bob how about a Born in Time". Only the people around me heard this wishful sentence.  Well... by luck Dylan 
played it and It was an absolulty perfect reading, in fact I can't find a better live version and I've heard about 30.
The WHOLE concert is fantastic but I think the concert's true highlight is the version of "Like a Rolling Stone". I beleive
 that this is the finest NET verison of this song. Bob's singing and playing are brillant, and Larry Cambell and 
Bucky Baxter shine.  So when you download this make you you don't gloss over LARS, it is a powerful historic performance.

side note: if you listen really carefully you can hear my brother yell "Rolling Stone" right before it starts.    
