Bob Dylan
Dallas, TX
Granada Theater
April 18, 2003
Taper: V4TX
DPA4061>Sony D100>CDR>EAC>FLAC
Disc 1
1. Tweedle Dee & Tweedle Dum
2. Tell Me That It Isn't True
3. Tombstone Blues
4. Saving Grace
5. Things Have Changed
6. Just Like A Woman
7. Drifter's Escape
8. Never Gonna Be The Same Again
9. Dignity
10.  Easy Lovin'
11. Bye And Bye
12. Honest With Me

Disc 2
1. Standing In The Doorway
2. Summer Days
3. Like A Rolling Stone
4. All Along The Watchtower

Bob Dylan
Austin, TX
The Backyard
April 19, 2003
Taper: V4TX-even though he really doesn’t want to admit it-
DPA4061>Sony D100>CDR>EAC>FLAC
Straight clone of master tape, for what it’s worth.
1. Tweedle Dee & Tweedle Dum-in progess-
2. Tell Me That It Isn't True
3. Highway 61 Revisited*
4. Saving Grace
5. Things Have Changed
6. Just Like A Woman
7. Drifter's Escape
8. One Too Many Mornings&
9. High Water (for Charlie Patton)
10. Lay, Lady, Lay
11.  Bye And Bye
12.  Honest With Me
13.  Standing In The Doorway
14. Summer Days

*not bad sound
& sound improves greatly during this song for the rest of the recording, but there is mic rustling at some points


These are no way perfect recordings, but I’ve received a request for my masters so I thought I’d share.  ***PLEASE NOTE:  I DO NOT EXPECT THESE TAPES TO MOVE THE WORLD, IF YOU SEEK PERFECTION HIT THE “BACK” BUTTON NOW AND MOVE ON.****

The Dallas show suffers from a bit of crowd noise and a lack of vocals, but other versions seem to suffer from the lack of vocals too, and I feel the instruments on this version are a bit brighter.  Before the Granada got its new owners it wasn’t much more than a hall that happened to have concerts every once in awhile.  The sound system was terrible, and it was very user unfriendly.  This show suffered from the venue, more than from a bad performance.  If I was standing in the sme spot recording in today’s Granada the sound would be 100% better. 

The Austin show had to be one of the worst concert experiences for me personally.  I got lost on the way to the venue.  Was I really still in Austin by the time I got there.  I had to park in the north 40, and I wasn’t ready for the very aggressive search on the way in.  By the time I got in the show was underway, and I could never get my gear set up right ever.  I was standing by a bunch of talkers, and I moved around quite a bit.  So, why am I sharing it?  Well, for OTMM to the end of the mains set I got in a prime location near the stage that set me up for a sweet recording.  It is almost a 10.  If it wasn’t for the very aggressive security looking for picture takers it would have been.  As it was I had to hide my mics a couple of times so you will here some rustling a couple of time.  I left as the encore was playing as I knew I had a very imperfect recording, and I didn’t want to end my night sitting in traffic trying to leave the parking lot before my 3 hour drive home.  I have not shared this tape, and I was hoping someone would take it and Frankenstein a version of the show using the best pieces.  Enjoy.
