Bob Dylan
Pavillon de Paris
Paris, France 
July 5, 1978
 
Taper: Unknown
Lineage: Reel to Reel Master>DAT>CD-R(Audio Catalyst)wav>(flacfrontend)flac8. 

Disc One:

1. My Back Pages (Instrumental)
2. She's Love Crazy
3. Baby Stop Crying
4. Mr. Tambourine Man
5. Shelter From The Storm
6. It's All Over Now, Baby Blue
7. Tangled Up In Blue
8. Ballad Of A Thin Man  
9. Maggie's Farm
10. I Don’t Believe You (She Acts Like We Never Have Met)  
11. Like A Rolling Stone 
12. I Shall Be Released 
13. Going, Going, Gone

Disc Two:

1. Rainy Day Women # 12 & 35 (Instrumental)
2. True Love Tends To Forget
3. Gates Of Eden
4. The Man In Me
5. One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below)
6. Blowin' In The Wind
7. I Want You
8. Seńor (Tales Of Yankee Power)
9. Masters Of War
10. Just Like A Woman
11. Don't Think Twice, It's All Right
12. All Along The Watchtower
13. All I Really Want To Do
14. It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)
15. Forever Young

Disc Three:

1. Crowd
2. Changing Of The Guards
3. The Times They Are A-Changin'

   Soundcheck before concert (sound quality poor)

4. Changing Of The Guards
5. Changing Of The Guards cont.
6. New Pony
7. Is Your Love In Vain?
8. I'll Be Your Baby Tonight

Concert # 14 of the 1978 European Tour. 1978 concert # 44.

Concert # 21 with the 1978 World Tour Band:
Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar), 
Billy Cross (lead guitar), 
Alan Pasqua (keyboards), 
Steven Soles (rhythm guitar, backup vocals), 
David Mansfield (violin & mandolin), 
Steve Douglas (horns), 
Jerry Scheff (bass), 
Bobbye Hall (percussion), 
Ian Wallace (drums), 
Helena Springs, Jo Ann Harris, Carolyn Dennis (background vocals).

Instrumentals without Bob Dylan.

Gates Of Eden Bob Dylan solo (vocal, guitar & harmonica).

It's All Over Now, Baby Blue & Just Like A Woman  Bob Dylan (harmonica).

Live debut of Changing Of The Guards.

BobTalk

Thank you. We’re gonna take a break here. Just a short, retune these instruments. Right. So… 
(before Going Going Gone)

Thank you. Merci. I wanna introduce the band. Say hello to the band, I'd like to introduce them. 
I know you wanna know who they are. I know you think they're a fine band so please give them 
the appreciation they deserve. On the drums, on the drums, from Great Britain, Ian Wallace. 
On the bass guitar, a very fine bass player, Jerry Scheff. On the keyboards, from the Bahamas, 
Alan Pasqua. Lead guitar, Billy Cross. On the conga drums, Bobbye Hall. On the rhythm guitar, 
a young man who gave up a career as a scientist to join this band. From Tombstone, Arizona, 
ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Steve Soles. On the violin, you met this young man earlier tonight, 
David Mansfield. On the horn, a very fine horn player, my good friend Steve Douglas. 
On the background vocals tonight, on the left my very good friend and neighbor, Jo Ann Harris. 
On the right, Carolyn Dennis. And in the middle the star of the group, Helena Springs. 
I wrote this in New York City and recorded it in New York City 1963. It's called, 
It's Alright Ma, I'm Only Bleeding.

Thank you. Merci. Bon soir. Vive la France! (after The Times They Are A-Changin’)

3 new songs (10%) compared to previous concert. 2 new songs for this tour.

Thanks to Olof!
Enjoy!
Charlespoet
