Bob Dylan 
Civic Auditorium  
Santa Monica, California  
19 November 1979

SOURCE: "off master" (aud) recording
LINEAGE: CDR > EAC > WAV > MKW > SHN
SOUND: very good!  
SIZE: 597 MiB

DISC ONE 
1. Gotta Serve Somebody
2. I Believe In You
3. When You Gonna Wake Up
4. When He Returns
5. Man Gave Names To All The Animals
6. Precious Angel
7. Slow Train

DISC TWO
1. Covenant Woman
2. Gonna Change My Way Of Thinking
3. Do Right To Me Baby (Do Unto Others)
4. Solid Rock
5. Saving Grace
6. Saved 
7. What Can I Do For You? 
8. In The Garden
9. Blessed Be The Name 
10.Pressing On
  

MUSICIANS
Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar)
Fred Tackett (guitar)
Spooner Oldham (keyboards)
Tim Drummond (bass)
Terry Young (keyboards)
Jim Keltner (drums)
Regina Havis , Helena Springs , Mona Lisa Young (background vocals)

d1t4 Bob Dylan solo (vocal & guitar) with Spooner Oldham (piano)
d2t6 Bob Dylan (harmonica)              
d2t10 Bob Dylan (piano)
 

BOBTALK
I donĺt know what kind of God you believe in, but I believe in the god that can raise the dead. If you only look around, you know; kind of think thereĺre so many people are so conditioned to bad news they donĺt know good news when they hear it. So . . . We want you to know one thing: God donĺt make promises that he donĺt keep. Let he who thinketh he stand take heed, lest he fall. (before When You Gonna Wake Up?)

Satan is called the God of this world. Is there anybody here who know that? [cheering] Thatĺs right, he is called the God of this world and the Prince of the Power of the Air.ö [audience: ôHe sucks!"] Thatĺs right, he does. [laughter] But anyhow, we know heĺs been defeated at the cross. Iĺm curious to know, how many of you all know that? [cheering] All right, thereĺs been a slow train coming for a long time, but now itĺs picking up speed.

Thank you, thank you, everybody. Iĺm gonna ask Regina . . . Iĺm gonna ask Regina to come out here and sing a song I know youĺll want to hear. Itĺs called: ôPut Your Hand In The Hand Of The Man From Galilee,ö so give her a warm welcome.

You should know that. Anyway, youĺll need something . . . weĺre not worried about all that ľ even though it is the last day of times, because, we see all this . . . hostages being taken here . . . drugs being outlawed there . . . all these sad stories that are, floating around . . . [audience: ôTrouble In Mind!ö] And weĺre not worried about any of that, we donĺt care about the atom bomb, any of that, because we know this world is going to be destroyed, if not by the word, and Christ will set up his kingdom in Jerusalem for a thousand years. When the lion lies down with the lamb, you know the lion will eat straw on that day. Also, if a man doesnĺt live to be a hundred years old, he will be called accursed, thatĺs interesting, isnĺt it? But we donĺt mind, we know thatĺs coming. And if any man have not the spirit of Christ in him, he is a slave to bondage. You know bondage? I know you all know bondage. So youĺll need something just a little bit tough to hang on to. The name of this song is called, ôHanging On To A Solid Rock, Made Before The Foundation Of The World. And if you donĺt have that to hang on to, youĺd better look into it. 

You know who he is. On the keyboards tonight, give him a hand, Spooner Oldham. On the other set of keyboards, Terry Young. On lead guitar, Fred Tackett. On the drums tonight, Mr. Jim Keltner. Alright on the bass guitar Tim Drummond. Singing on the bottom tonight is Helena Springs. All right, singing the middle part is Regina McCreary. And singing on the top, is Mona Lisa Young. Remember now, you wrestle not against flesh and blood but against principalities and power. And the ruthlessness of the darkness of this world, spiritual wickedness in higher places. So, if youĺre down, thatĺs why youĺre down. We wanna give all the praise, all the glory to God tonight. We know we donĺt deserve it anyhow. (before Blessed Be The Name )

http://www.bjorner.com/DSN05060%201979%20First%20Gospel%20Tour.htm#DSN05230
