Bob Dylan & Mick Taylor (former Rolling Stones guitarist)
06/13/84
Waldbuehne
Berlin, West Germany

Converted by:	Fendert
Conversion:	Tape>?x>CDR>Wav>FLAC
Quality:	Very Good / Audience

DO NOT CONVERT TO .MP3 OR ANY OTHER LOSSY FORMAT

This is the 12th Show of Bob Dylan's 1984 tour with former Rolling Stones guitarist Mick Taylor.
  Another very solid show for the band.  Dylan is excellent but seems to get tired towards the 
end of the show.  Check out the band introductions during "Like a Rolling Stone," he seems beat 
but then he goes on to give us a couple of the most poignant song deliveries with "Girl from the 
North Country" and the rare "Lonesome Death of Hattie Carroll."  Check out Dylan's vocal phrasing 
at the beginning of "I and I" it's marvelous.  I always love how Dylan continually changes the 
vocal inflections in relation to the chord changes in the song.  It's always unique.  He seems to 
have endless variations on seemingly simple song sections.  He is never boring to listen to.  An 
average night now is a very good show.  On this one we get a few bad notes from Mick Taylor of 
all people beginning with the solo on "Jokerman" and continuing on with "License to Kill" and on 
"It's all over now Baby Blue."  Taylor on this night opts to use the slide for the solo on "Every 
Grain of Sand."  Dylan gets the crowd singing on "Blowing in the Wind" alternating between the men 
and women and it is quite touching . . . that is until Santana comes in and completely destroys the 
intimate moment by brandishing a horribly inappropriate and loud guitar solo that seems to belong 
somewhere else.  Perhaps in someone's garage but certainly not here.  Santana sucks!  Right now 
is the 20th Anniversary of those shows and I thought it would be cool to release each show to STG 
on the date of the actual show plus 20 years.  So, here is the twelfth show; only 15 more!!!  
We'll see if I can keep up with the rest of the tour.  So far so good!

Disc 1
01.	Highway 61 Revisited
02.	Jokerman
03.	All Along The Watchtower
04.	Just Like A Woman
05.	Maggie's Farm 
06.	I And I 
07.	License To Kill 
08.	Got to use my Imagination
09.	Tangled Up in Blue
10.	It Ain't Me, Babe
11.	It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding) (acoustic)
12.	It's All Over Now, Baby Blue


Disc 2
01. 	Masters of War
02.	Ballad of A Thin Man
03.	Man of Peace
04.	Every Grain of Sand
05.	Like A Rolling Stone 
06.	Don't Think Twice
07.	Girl From the North Country
08.	Lonesome Death of Hattie Carroll
09.	Tombstone Blues
10.	Blowing in the Wind


VIENNA TOMORROW!!!
