Bob Dylan 
Sydney Showgrounds 
April 1st 1978 

This is mastered from my uncirculated tape. This excellent tape was missing tracks 5-8 on Disk 2, so I've added these tracks from another one of my tapes of this concert. The second tape is stereo, but there is a lot of crowd noise and sing-alongs! To Ramona is missing a bit in the middle due to a tape flip.
The final tracks 9-16 on Disk 2 are a bit poorer than the first part of the concert, but better than all the other recordings that I have heard.
 
Disc One
---------
01. A Hard Rain's A Gonna Fall ( Instrumental )
02. Love Here With A Feeling
03. I Threw It All Away
04. Mr Tambourine Man
05. Shelter From The Storm
06. Love Minus Zero - No Limit
07. Girl From The North Country
08. Ballad Of A Thin Man
09. Maggie's Farm
10. I Don't Believe You  ( Incomplete )
11. Like A Rolling Stone
12. I Shall Be Released 
13. Going Going Gone
14. Sooner Or Later ( One Of Us Must Know )
15. You're A Big Girl Now


Disc Two
-----------
01. One More Cup Of Coffee 
02. Blowin' In The Wind
03. I Want You
04. Don't Think Twice ( It's Alright )
05. Just Like A Woman
06. Oh Sister
07. To Ramona
08. All Along The Watchtower
09. The Man In Me
10. All I Really Want To Do
11. Band Intro's
12. It's Alright Ma ( I'm Only Bleeding )
13. Forever Young
14. The Times They Are A - Changin'
15. Knocking On Heavens Door
16. I'll Be Your Baby Tonight

BobTalk

Thank you, this is the story of my life. (before Shelter From The Storm)

Thank you. That was Bobbye Hall on the conga drums. Don't know who that beautiful young lady was but I hope she comes back. (after One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below))

This is from the Mojave Desert and it's called All Along The Watchtower.

Thank you. Playing in the orchestra tonight we have, from Reno Nevada, on tenor saxophone Mr. Steve Douglas. We had a problem coming over here tonight on the keyboards, from the Bahamas, Alan Pasqua. All right, conga drums Bobbye Hall from Detroit. From Kingston Jamaica one of the founders of punk rock, on the drums Ian Wallace. My eyes are betraying me tonight. On the violin and the mandolin, he just learned how to play three weeks ago. We're very proud of him David Mansfield. All right. What you been smoking ? Wouldn't mind some of that. On the rhythm guitar from San Antone, Texas, one of the founders of what they call outlaw music. A great friend of Willie Nelson, very proud to have him in this band. Mr. Steven Soles. On the bass guitar from New York City, Rob Stoner. On the background vocals tonight. On my right we have the love of my life Miss Debbie Dye. In the middle my cousin my favorite cousin, first cousin Jo Ann Harris. And on the left, girl that makes me cry every night, has a great great future, and a great behind Miss Helena Springs. Lead guitar tonight from Albuquerque, New Mexico Billy Cross. I think that's everybody. It's been a pleasure to be in this country I must say that and we're gonna be sorry to leave. This is called It's Alright Ma, I'm Only Bleeding.

Thank you very much. We appreciate it. Much different this time to the last time I was here. We're gonna play this song and fly, catch a boat. (before Forever Young)

Thank you. It's been a pleasure being here. I hope we touched a few of you. I know you touched us. (after The Times They Are A-Changin')

 