Bob Dylan, 11/16/80,  Warfield, San Francisco, CA, 2CDR, (42min+61min)

48k dat (SBD Cass-L>DAT & Aud) > Cooledit2000> wav >shn
rated A, very good to excellent sound with some hiss, quality decreases as tape shifts to audience; missing girls songs; 

CD1
1 Gotta Serve Somebody 
2 I Believe In You 
3 Like A Rolling Stone 4
4 Man Gave Names To All The Animals
5 intro for Jerry
6 To Ramona*
7 Ain't Gonna Go To Hell* (aud)
8 Girl From The North Country* (aud)
9 Slow Train*(aud)

CD2
1 Abraham, Martin And John 
2 Let's Keep It Between Us 
3 Mary From The Wild Moor 
4 Covenant Woman 
5 Solid Rock 
6 sf story
7 Just Like A Woman
8 Senor (Tales Of Yankee Power) 
9 Simple Twist Of Fate 
10 The Groom's Still Waiting At The Altar 
11 When You Gonna Wake Up 
12 In The Garden (aud) (from the boot cd 'Bob & Jerry')
13 Blowin' In The Wind 
14 City Of Gold 
15 It's All Over Now, Baby Blue (acoustic); 

*Jerry Garcia, guitar according to Dundas (on all songs from To Ramona to The Groom's acording to Olof)  

From Dylan-Base: After Song Comments
CD1 3 Thank you. [MISSING] We're gonna slow it down some now. This is Regina McCreary, gonna sing Keep On Falling In Love Till I Get It Right.
CD1 4 Thank you. Well I don't know exactly what to say here. Different peoples been coming down to the Theater every night so far. An this night is no exception I guess. Anyway this is, keep err, here's a young man I know you know who he is. I've played with him a few times before. I'm a great admirer an fan of his and support his group all the way. Jerry Garcia. He's gonna play with us, key of C.
CD1 6 Here's a new song called I Ain't Gonna Go To Hell For Anybody.
CD1 9 (MISSING)Thank you. Carolyn Dennis is gonna sing a song called Walking Around Heaven All Day. Carolyn Dennis.
CD2 1 (beginning) That was Clydie King. This is a new song err, don't know how old it is anyway. It's called Can We Keep It Between Us.
CD2 1 A lot of people ask me about old songs and new songs. This is a real old song. This songs so old, I'd say it's about 200 years old. A song I used to sing before I wrote any songs. Anyway it's one of those tragic, err tragic love ballads.
CD2 5 In the beginning I was standing out backstage, an this guy came up to me an he said "You remember that woman that came up to you about an hour ago with the long red hair ?" An I said, "Yeah I remember that woman." An he said, "She sure was beautiful wasn't she ?" An I said, "Yes she was all right" He said "That was me."
CD2 9 We're gonna play a new song here in the key of A. This is called the Groom's Still Waiting At The Altar.
CD2 11 I actually just heard the great Odetta's here tonight. Tom Sawyer. Tom Cruise.
CD2 12 (NEAR END) Willie Smith is playing organ tonight. All the rest of the keyboards too. Tim Drummond is playing the drums. Fred Tackett on lead guitar. Tim Drummond on bass. Clydie King. Regina McCreary, Carolyn Dennis vocalists tonight. Special guest star is Jerry Garcia, we'll see you later now.
CD2 14 All right.
CD2 15 Thank you.