Information from:

http://www.bjorner.com/DSN04670%201978%20US%20Tour%20November.htm#DSN04870
Olof Björner's
Bob Dylan
Yearly Chronicles


The Coliseum
Jackson, Mississippi
28 November 1978

  1. My Back Pages  
  2. She’s Love Crazy (Tampa Red)  
  3. Mr. Tambourine Man  
  4. Shelter From The Storm 
  5. It's All Over Now, Baby Blue  
  6. Tangled Up In Blue  
  7. Ballad Of A Thin Man  
  8. Maggie's Farm  
  9. I Don’t Believe You (She Acts Like We Never Have Met) 
 10. Like A Rolling Stone  
 11. I Shall Be Released 
 12. Seńor (Tales Of Yankee Power) 
 13. The Times They Are A-Changin'
 14. Rainy Day Women # 12 & 35 
 15. It Ain't Me, Babe 
 16. Am I Your Stepchild?  
 17. One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below)  
 18. Blowin' In The Wind  
 19. Girl From The North Country 
 20. Where Are You Tonight? (Journey Through Dark Heat)  
 21. Masters Of War 
 22. Just Like A Woman
 23. To Ramona  
 24. All Along The Watchtower  
 25. All I Really Want To Do 
 26. It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding) 
 27. Forever Young  
 28. Changing Of The Guards
  
Concert # 52 of the 1978 US Fall Tour. 1978 concert # 101.
Concert # 78 with the 1978 World
Tour Band: Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar)
Billy Cross (lead guitar)
Alan Pasqua (keyboards)
Steven Soles (rhythm guitar, backup vocals)
David Mansfield (violin & mandolin)
Steve Douglas (horns)
Jerry Scheff (bass), Bobbye Hall (percussion)
Ian Wallace (drums)
Helena Springs
Jo Ann Harris
Carolyn Dennis (background vocals).

 
1 instrumental without Bob Dylan.
5, 22 Bob Dylan (harmonica).
14 Helena Springs, Jo Ann Harris, Carolyn Dennis (vocals) without Bob Dylan.
15 Bob Dylan solo (vocal, harmonica & guitar).

BobTalk
You know, when I was growing up in the Midwest in the 50’s there used to be carnivals that used to come to town. Every carnival had what they called a geek. You know what a geek is? A man who eats a live chicken. Bites the head off and eats that. Eats the rest of it, heart, blood, everything. He sweeps it all up with a broom. He sweeps all the feathers away. Anyway, it cost about a quarter to see him. An he didn't have too many friends in the carnival. He sort of kept to himself. Most people there kept to themselves. I was having lunch one day with the bearded lady. And she was telling me that this man is really very strange cause he considers everybody else who comes to see him as being very freaky. Anyway I used to remember that as I traveled here and there. (before Ballad Of A Thin Man)

I was traveling on a train one time to Mexico from ahh, deep in the heart of Chihuahua. Anyway I fell asleep for awhile and woke up and it was evening. And this family with about twelve or fifteen kids were getting off the train. And I was kind of sitting there in a daze. I wasn't nodding off, in the window it was like a mirror. So I was watching it all happen through the window. And ... saw an old man get on the train and walk up the aisle and take a seat next to me across the other side of the aisle. This old man he looked to be about 150 years old, he's wearing a blanket. So when I turned to look at him I could see he was looking at me, and both his eyes were burning. Smoke was coming out of his nostrils. I turned around quickly and looked back into the mirror. I figured that this was the man I wanted to talk to. I couldn't think of anything to say though. (before Seńor (Tales Of Yankee Power))

Thank you. A few years back, on my birthday it happens to be a high holy gypsy holiday, just by coincidence. So I went (...) all the gypsies meet, all the gypsies from Europe meet in the South of France, on my birthday. Anyway, I thought that was very interesting. So I went over there to see what they were up to. And ahh that what, they meet over there in the Spring and they party for a week. They come from all over Europe, they come from Germany, from Romania, all them countries. Any way I was fortunate enough to meet a young man who was king of the gypsies. This man had 16 wives and 120 children, believe it or not, he still wasn't faithful and true. He had girlfriends on the side too. Anyway I had been there a week and had done everything twice, at least. It was time to go, somebody said, "What do you want to go?" "Do you want to take something with you when you go?" There really was nothing I could take with me so I asked him for one more cup of coffee, black. And ... they gave it to me. And I was looking up there at the ocean as I was leaving. Looked like a big valley. So I took one more cup of coffee for the road.

Thank you. The first girl that ever broke my heart left me for an older man. I wished her well though, and said goodbye. (before Girl From The North Country)

Thank you. That was David Mansfield on All Along The Watchtower, on smoking violin.

Thank you ladies and gentlemen. On the drums tonight, give him a warm hand. Ian Wallace from Kingston, Jamaica. On the bass guitar, Mr. Jerry Scheff. On the keyboards, Alan Pasqua. On the lead guitar, Billy Cross. On violin and the mandolin, electric lead guitar sometimes, the baby, youngest member of this group, he's been with me now for five years. He's only fifteen years old. Doesn't smoke dope, drink whiskey or chase women. All that's gonna change tonight however. Mr. David Mansfield! All right, on the rhythm guitar, a young man who I picked up as a defector from East Germany, not too long ago. Ladies and gentlemen he doesn't speak any English, but he plays his heart out doesn't he? Steven Soles. On the tenor saxophone, a young man who is a legend in his own lifetime. He used to play one time with Duane Eddy. Does anybody remember Duane Eddy? He also has played on many of Phil Spector’s greatest records. Ladies and gentlemen, the phenomenal Steve Douglas! On the backup vocals tonight, three young ladies who I know make me sound so good. I know I don't have the greatest voice in the world, but these girls do make me sound better than I usually do. Anyway, on the right, Jo Ann Harris. In the middle Helena Springs. On the other side, Miss Carolyn Dennis. On the conga drums, from Detroit, the most amazing Miss Bobbye Hall. I wanna thank you for coming out. I ain't ready to be put out to pasture yet myself so we may be back sometime in the future. (before It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding))

Thank you, we're gonna hit the road now, we gotta go. Like to stay and play all night, we really would. Anyway this is a song I wrote for one of my babies when he was a baby. He's not a baby anymore, he's not here, but I wanna play it anyway. (before Forever Young)

No new songs compared to previous concert.

Mono audience recording, 145 minutes.

 

