Bob Dylan and Band
1990-08-29
Minnesota State Fairgrounds
Falcon Heights, MN

Source: Aud cassette (copy of copy from master cassette) -> Tascam 424 with no NR -> TC Konnekt at 16 bit/44.1 -> 
Tracktion 2 -> WAV -> FLAC

No remastering, just levels and tracking; transfer done 2007-08-18

Show #223 of the NET

1.    Marine Hymn (trad.) -> Silvio
2.    Masters Of War
3.    Lay Lady Lay
4.    Stuck Inside Of Mobile With The Memphis Blues Again
5.    Gotta Serve Somebody
6.    Ballad Of Hollis Brown
7.    The Times They Are A-Changin'
8.    Don't Think Twice, It's All Right
9.    Song To Woody
10.    Rainy Day Women # 12 & 35
11.    Friend Of The Devil (Jerry Garcia/Robert Hunter/John Dawson)
12.    Joey (Bob Dylan & Jacques Levy)
13.    All Along The Watchtower
14.    Simple Twist Of Fate
15.    Like A Rolling Stone                                              
—
16.    Blowin' In The Wind
17.    Highway 61 Revisited


Concert # 145 with the second G. E. Smith band: 
Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar), 
G. E. Smith (guitar), 
Tony Garnier (bass), 
Christopher Parker (drums).
Steve Bruton (guitar)

6-9, 16 acoustic with the band.

Setlist and personnel info from bjorner.com, a great resource if there ever was one

NOTE:  There may be a better recording than this out there; if you have one, PLEASE SEED IT!  

I attended this show.  I recall that Wire Train opened.  It was a beautiful clear evening; fun show, etc.  

About a week after the show one of my buds showed up at our high school with this tape which came
directly from his dad's friend's rig.  I don't know who that taper was, but I am pretty sure I made my copy 
directly from the copy from the master.  Back then I was in full GD trading mode and I am certain that I did 
not use NR when I made that copy, as I was quite particular about those things.  Later, I became less particular
about things so this tape sat outside on our porch amongst a big pile of dead leaves for more than a year. 
Sorry, but that's the story.  Anyway, I don't think the sound suffered from my neglect. But that's why I am 
making this plea:  If there is a better source out there, let's hear it!

Thanks, cheers
 
