Bob Dylan, 11/9/78, Memorial Coliseum, Portland, Oregon, 2CDR (77min+71min), good to very good sound

CD1 
1 My Back Pages (instrumental) 
2 She's Love Crazy 
3 Mr. Tambourine Man 
4 Shelter From The Storm 
5 It's All Over Now, Baby Blue 
6 Tangled Up In Blue 
7 Ballad Of A Thin Man 
8 Maggie's Farm 
9 I Don't Believe You 
10 Like A Rolling Stone 
11 I Shall Be Released 
12 Senor (Tales Of Yankee Power) 
13 The Times They Are A-Changin' 
14 It Ain't Me, Babe (acoustic) 
15 Am IYour Stepchild? 
CD2 
1  One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below) 
2 Blowin' In The Wind 
3 Girl From The North Country 
4 Where Are You Tonight? 
5 Masters Of War 
6 Just Like A Woman 
7 Baby Stop Crying 
8 All Along The Watchtower 
9 All I Really Want To Do 
10 It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding) 
11 Forever Young 
12 Changing Of The Guards

  	

9 November 1978
BobTalk

Thank you, wanna say hello to Victoria tonight. If you are still here there's someone wants to see you backstage. Anyway we're gonna take a break here at this time. This is a song I wrote in Mexico, Monterey, Chihuahua. (before Seńor (Tales Of Yankee Power))

Thank you. This is a new song I wrote recently. About a year ago, called Am I your Stepchild ?

Thank you. That was Alan Pasqua on the organ. Steve Douglas tenor saxophone. This is a song off the new album Street-Legal, called Journey Through Dark Heat.

Thank you. This is a song we had out not too long ago as a single record. It was about for about three weeks, and sold, 25 copies. We still like it and we're gonna play it anyway. Called Baby Please Stop Crying.

Thank you, that was All Along The Watchtower, that was David Mansfield playing the violin. He's been playing that since he was a baby.

Thank you. On the drums tonight, give him a warm hand, Ian Wallace. Playing bass guitar tonight, Jerry Scheff. All right, on the keyboards, from the Bahamas, the one and only Alan Pasqua. On the lead guitar, the oldest member of this group, born in 1921, from Clarkesville, Mississippi, ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Billy Cross. All right, maybe 1922. Anyway on the violin, and the mandolin, the youngest member of this group. He's just a baby, ladies and gentlemen, but he does play his heart out. Doesn't smoke dope, drink whiskey, chase women, he's nothing but pure musician. He's fifteen years old, been with me for five years. Give him a warm hand, Mr. David Mansfield. On the rhythm guitar, from Bogota, South America, ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Steven Soles. On tenor saxophone, a man who used to play with Duane Eddy. Does anybody here remember Duane Eddy? Yes, ok, he played with Duane Eddy many years ago. He also played on many of Phil Spector’s great records. Ladies and gentlemen, the phenomenal Steve Douglas. On the backup vocals, on the right, my ex-girlfriend Jo Ann Harris. In the middle, my current girlfriend, Helena Springs. And on the right, that's my fiancée Carolyn Dennis. On the conga drums, from Detroit, the most amazing Miss Bobbye Hall. Thank you very much, we're gonna get out of here pretty soon now. This is a song I wrote years ago in New York City. I play it every once in a while, called It's Alright Ma, I'm Only Bleeding.

It's that time of the evening again. I don't know what time it is, but its time for us to go, you know. Anyway, I hope we played something right tonight. And I hope we come back real soon. Anywayd I wanna leave you with this tune. I wrote it for one of my babies when he was a baby. He's not here tonight, he's not a baby anymored but I wanna play it anyway. Sod till we meet again. All right. (before Forever Young)

 
14 November 1978
BobTalk

In the Midwest in the fifties they used to have these carnivals come through town. There always used to be someone in the carnival they called a geek. A geek is somebody, a man, who eats a live chicken. Bites the head off a live chicken an eats it. Anyway it cost a quarter to see him. If you think you’re funky this dude was really low-down. Anyhow, I didn't get too tight with him but ..., he did leave me some message and that was, he used to think of other people as being freaks. That used to really knock me out. Anyway, I remembered that years later when I wrote this tune. (before Ballad Of A Thin Man)

Thank you. I tried to escape out of Mexico once. Like everybody else. I took a train ride from Monterey to San Diego. Right out of San Diego I found this song written in my back pocket. (before Seńor (Tales Of Yankee Power))

One year on my birthday I went to France where they have a big gypsy festival. All the gypsies from all over the world go there, and they party for a week. It just happens to be on my birthday. Anyway, I met the king of the gypsies a little ways away from there. He had 16 wives and 100 children and he still wasn't faithful and true. Anyway I did get mixed up with someone over there. I don't remember what was happening but in the morning they said, "Would you like anything for the road?" And without thinking I just said “one more cup of coffee.” I wasn’t sure if I could say anything else, but it was dangerous territory. (before One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below))

Thank you. You know the first girl I ever fell in love with was way back when. She left me to be a movie star. An then she left me after that, for an older man. She said she wanted to be with an older man, how old? 21! Anyway I never get to see her anymore, but she's here tonight, so I'm wanna play this. (before Girl From The North Country)

All right, I don’t know, maybe some of you heard this one or not. This is a single record. I don't really make singles too much. But ahh, I've released this as a single. I think it sold 100 copies. 25 in the Bay area. So seeing as it sold so many up here we're gonna play it. It's a little ballad called Baby Please Stop Crying. (plays Baby Stop Crying) Thank you. Wanna say hello to Van Morrison tonight. I know he's out there somewhere. Van, I want you to record some of my songs now!

Thank you, that was All Along The Watchtower. That was David Mansfield on the smoking violin.

All right, I'm gonna introduce you to some of the players in the band. On the drums from Kingston, Jamaica, ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Ian Wallace. On the bass guitar, Mr. Jerry Scheff. I know we've been written about, these shows as showbizzy. Disco. But it really isn't any of those things, you know that. Anyway, on the keyboards, the one and only Alan Pasqua. On lead guitar, Billy Cross. On rhythm guitar tonight, ladies and gentlemen, from Bogota, doesn't speak any English, but plays his heart out. A man who gave up a career as a being a sports car driver down there to join this band. Ladies and gentlemen, Steven Soles. On the violin, the youngest member of this group, fifteen years old. Been with me now for five years. Doesn't smoke dope, go out with women or drink whiskey, he's a real bore. Ladies and gentlemen, David Mansfield. On the tenor saxophone, a man who really now almost invented the style that everybody is bodies playing in nowadays. Played on most of Phil Spector’s records. Used to play with Duane Eddy. Ladies and gentlemen, the phenomenal Steve Douglas. On the backup vocals tonight, three young ladies who have been with me so long now I don't know what I'd do without them. On the right, my ex-girlfriend, Jo Ann Harris. I like to eat an she can't cook. Anyway, my current girlfriend in the middle, Helena Springs. Helena can sing too. On the left, that's my fiancée Carolyn Dennis. All right, on the conga drums, from Detroit, the most amazing Miss Bobbye Hall. I'll sing you a song now called It's Alright Ma, I'm Only Bleeding.

All right, we gotta get out of here. Anyway we wanna leave you with this song. I wrote this for one of my babies when he was a baby. He's not a baby no more but I wanna play it anyway! (before Forever Young)