Bob Dylan, 12/13/95, Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, Lehigh University, 2CDR

LB-4354, (66min+51min), version "a" to fix flaws on LB-4341; Taper: Glen Dundas, Source: AUdio disks from taper (transferred 2006) > (dBpowerAMP set to, compression level 6) flac.; (comments from torrenter: "A few days before Christmas, I seeded the excellent recording by Glen Dundas, noted Dylan scholar and taper, of the 12-13-95 recording from Bethlehem, PA. Many of you downloaded this recording. Unfortunately, there was one major glitch in the recording and two other less significant ones. The insignificant ones were at the beginning of d1t01 and d2t01 and involved static/noise prior to the beginning of any music. These could easily be ignored. The third glitch, however, was in the masterful "Desolation Row" (d1t08) and was clearly a problem. (Thanks to Torbjorn for pointing these glitches out to me.), I investigated the matter, and found that while these flaws are not on the Dundas master, they were on the new transfer from this master made in 2006 (there is some weirdness about all this, but in the end it is irrelevant). Anyhow, at this juncture I asked friends for help in resolving this problem. Fortunately, two friends, "Bach" and "oecourt" both had very low generational copies of a much earlier transfer of the Dundas master. Oecourt volunteered (bless him and all the fabulous German collectors!) to take his flawless old transfer from the Dundas master and patch the glitches in the new transfer. The result if a flawless version of the show, and I am now offering this for anyone who desires a flawless version of the show I torreented earlier., The new items, then, in this file set are: d1t01, d1t08, and d2t01 and the md5 sums for both disks.'); bittorrent download 12/06; same as LB-4341 with flaws fixed as indicated

Disk One, 1 Crash On The Levee (Down In The Flood), 2 Lay Lady Lay, 3 All Along The Watchtower, 4 You're A Big Girl Now, 5 I'll Be Your Baby Tonight, 6 Silvio, 7 Mr. Tambourine Man (acoustic w band), 8 Desolation Row (acoustic w band), 9 Mama, You Been On My Mind (acoustic w band), Disk Two, 1 Dark Eyes (acoustic w band), 2 Seeing The Real You At Last, 3 Ballad Of A Thin Man, 4 Alabama Getaway, 5 The Times They Are A-Changin' (acoustic w band), 6 Rainy Day Women # 12 & 35

Please retain this info file and its LB number as a marker for this lossless set
and if you spread it please list it in the description to avoid others getting duplicates
