Information from:

Olof Björner's
Bob Dylan
Yearly Chronicles

http://www.bjorner.com/DSN04670%201978%20US%20Tour%20November.htm#DSN04810

  Special Events Arena
  El Paso, Texas
  21 November 1978

 1.  My Back Pages  
 2. She’s Love Crazy (Tampa Red  
 3. Mr. Tambourine Man  
 4. Shelter From The Storm  
 5. It's All Over Now, Baby Blue  
 6. Tangled Up In Blue  
 7. Ballad Of A Thin Man  
 8. Maggie's Farm  
 9. I Don’t Believe You (She Acts Like We Never Have Met)  
10. Like A Rolling Stone  
11. I Shall Be Released 
12. Seńor (Tales Of Yankee Power)  
13. Watching The River Flow 
14. The Times They Are A-Changin'  
15. Rainy Day Women # 12 & 35  
16. It Ain't Me, Babe  
17. Am I Your Stepchild?  
18. One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below)  
19. Blowin' In The Wind  
20. Girl From The North Country  
21. We Better Talk This Over  
22. Masters Of War  
23. Just Like A Woman  
24. To Ramona  
25. All Along The Watchtower 
26. All I Really Want To Do  
27. It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding) 
28. Forever Young
29. Changing Of The Guards

Concert # 47 of the 1978 US Fall Tour. 1978 concert # 96.

Concert # 73 with the 1978 World
Tour Band: Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar)
Billy Cross (lead guitar), Alan Pasqua (keyboards)
Steven Soles (rhythm guitar, backup vocals)
David Mansfield (violin & mandolin)
Steve Douglas (horns)
Jerry Scheff (bass)
Bobbye Hall (percussion)
Ian Wallace (drums)
Helena Springs, Jo Ann Harris, Carolyn Dennis (background vocals).


1 instrumental without Bob Dylan.
5, 23 Bob Dylan (harmonica).
15 Helena Springs, Jo Ann Harris, Carolyn Dennis (vocals) without Bob Dylan.
16 Bob Dylan solo (vocal, harmonica & guitar). 

BobTalk

This is a song that took ten years to live and ten years to write. (before Tangled Up In Blue)

You know, back in the Midwest in the 50’s they used to have these carnivals that came through. Nearly every one of them had someone you'd call a geek. (…..) know what a geek is, but for those who don't I’ll tell you what a geek is. A geek is a man who eats a live chicken. He bites its head off and eats that first, then he eats the rest of it, heart and all. He carries a little broom and he sweeps the feathers up with it. Anyway, it costs a quarter to see this man. He's pretty low down in the carnival life. Nobody likes to hang out with him very much. Anyway, even me, I didn't get too tight with him and I liked everybody. But he did tell me one thing one time and that was that when things got rough he used to think of other people when they came in to see him……a man working in a club like that gets a lot of insults, you know. So, he used to think of other people as being pretty freaky. I always used to remember that in my travels here and there. (before Ballad Of A Thin Man)

I got on a train once to Mexico. (…..). About the time it pulled (…..) Monterey this old farmer got off, must have been about twelve kids, and a husband and a wife, I guess. Anyway, this old man got on, he was wearing a blanket and he took a seat from me across the aisle. I swear, both his eyes were burning and there was smoke coming out of his nostrils. Anyway, he looked to be pretty old. I wanted to ask him all kinds of things, I just didn't know where to begin. (before Seńor (Tales Of Yanke Power))

Thank you. Thank you. I was over in the south of France a few years back. The gypsies from all over Europe have their big high holy day. Happens to be on my birthday also, so I thought I’d better check that out. All the gypsies come from all over Europe, everywhere. Anyway, they party for a week and I met the king of the gypsies over there. He’s a man…..he had 16 wives and 120 children. Yeah. Anyway, I partied (…..) for a week. I did most everything I could think to do and in the last few days I didn’t do anything but drink coffee. So when it’s time to go he said “OK, Bob, thanks. Now you (…..) on your way, what would you like?” I said, “one more cup of coffee”. Anyway, there was a big valley spread out over there and I just played One More Cup Of Coffee and headed out into it.

Thank you. The first girl I ever loved, she left me for an older man. (…..). Anyway, she promised we’d never part, but she still left me for an older man. (…..). I often remember her though. (before Girl From The North Country)

Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on the drums tonight, Ian Wallace. On the bass guitar Jerry Scheff. All right, on the keyboards, from Trinidad, the one and only Alan Pasqua. On the lead guitar, the oldest member of this group, born in 1921. Ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Billy Cross. On the rhythm guitar, from Bogota, doesn't speak any English, but he plays his heart out, doesn't he? Ladies and gentlemen, Steven Soles. On the violin and the mandolin, a young man now, fifteen years old. Been with me for five years, the youngest member of this group. All right, doesn't smoke dope, go out with women, drink whiskey, doesn't swear. He's a pure musician. Ladies and gentlemen, David Mansfield. He's learning all those things though. On tenor saxophone, a legend in his own time, actually. Ladies and gentlemen, Steve Douglas. He's been on more records than I care to name. All right, on the backup vocals tonight. You’ve been hearing these ladies all night, you know they're good, you can give them a hand. All right, on the right, my ex-girlfriend, Jo Ann Harris. I love to eat, Jo Ann doesn't like to cook. That's why we broke up. Anyway, in the middle, my current girlfriend, Helena Springs. And on the other side, my fiancée, Carolyn Dennis. All right, on the conga drums, from Detroit, who's name is also a legend in her own lifetime. Ladies and gentlemen, Miss Bobbye Hall. All right, we gonna get out of here real soon. (before It’s Alright, Ma (I’m Only Bleeding)

All right, we’re gonna go. (…..). We’ll be back though. I ain’t ready to be put out to pasture yet, so…..All right. (before Forever Young)

1 new song (3%) compared to previous concert. 

Mono audience recording, 150 minutes.

 

