I'm putting this one up for New Orleans!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Bob Dylan
Holman Field
Nashua, New Hampshire
July 6, 1991

SOURCE: 'BW' Cassette Master
Lineage: 'BW' Cassette Master > CD-R(Audio Catalyst)wav>(flacfrontend)flac8.

That's all the info I was given when receiving this one today. The reason I am dedicating
this posting of it to New Orleans is because it's the first Lake Of Pontchartrain 1991
according to Olof's About Bob Page! This is an EXCELLENT recording and though you will 
when listening note a few minor volume fluctuations or a silence here or there they
go by quickly and just about unnoticed. You are gonna love this trust me!!!

Disc One(43:05):

1.    New Morning

2.    Homeward Bound (Paul Simon)

3.    All Along The Watchtower

4.    Shelter From The Storm

5.    Gotta Serve Somebody

6.    Wiggle Wiggle

7.    Simple Twist Of Fate

8.    I'll Be Your Baby Tonight

9.    Lakes Of Pontchartrain (trad.)


Disc Two(49:38):

1.    Girl From The North Country

2.    The Lonesome Death Of Hattie Carroll

3.    It Ain't Me, Babe

4.    Knockin' On Heaven's Door

5.    Everything Is Broken

6.    I Believe In You

7.    Highway 61 Revisited

8.    What Good Am I?

9.    Ballad Of A Thin Man

Concert # 322 of The Never-Ending Tour.  Third concert of the 1991 US Summer Tour. 
1991 concert # 59.

Concert # 38 with the 5th Never-Ending Tour band: 
Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar) 
John Jackson (guitar)
Tony Garnier (bass) 
Ian Wallace (drums)

Lakes Of Pontchartrain (trad.) acoustic with Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar), John Jackson (guitar).

Girl From The North Country
The Lonesome Death Of Hattie Carroll
It Ain't Me, Babe
acoustic with the band

New Morning
Shelter From The Storm
Simple Twist Of Fate
The Lonesome Death Of Hattie Carroll
It Ain't Me, Babe
I Believe In You
What Good Am I?
Ballad Of A Thin Man
Bob Dylan harmonica

Note. First Lake Of Pontchartrain 1991.

BobTalk:

Thank you! This is my anti-religion song. (before Gotta Serve Somebody).

Thanks everybody. This is my hit record last year... ??? (before Wiggle Wiggle).

Thanks everybody! This is one of my songs ???? by/with a Witney Houston song. 
Mine was written before hers! (before I'll Be Your Baby Tonight).

Hey, thank you. That's one of those songs some people keep asking me to sing all the time. 
(before Girl From The North Country).

You can't fix it, if it ain't broken! (after Everything Is Broken).

Thank you everybody. Here's my favorite song at the moment. (before Ballad Of A Thin Man).

7 new songs (38%) compared to previous concert. 6 new songs for this tour.

Thanks Olof!
ENJOY!
Charlespoet

 




 
