Bob Dylan
The Coliseum
Jacksonville, Florida
13 December 1978
  

Unknown Audience>CDR>EAC>FLAC LEVEL 5 

 

CD 1 62:50
My Back Pages
Sheĺs Love Crazy (Tampa Red)
Mr. Tambourine Man
Shelter From The Storm
It's All Over Now, Baby Blue
Tangled Up In Blue
Ballad Of A Thin Man
Maggie's Farm
I Donĺt Believe You (She Acts Like We Never Have Met)
Like A Rolling Stone
I Shall Be Released
Se˝or (Tales Of Yankee Power)
  
 
   
CD 2 78:19  
The Times They Are A-Changin'
Rainy Day Women # 12 & 35
It Ain't Me, Babe
Am I Your Stepchild?
One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below)
Blowin' In The Wind
Girl From The North Country
We Better Talk This Over
Masters Of War
Just Like A Woman
All Along The Watchtower
To Ramona
It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)
Forever Young
Changing Of The Guards
  

 

 

Concert # 63 of the 1978 US Fall Tour. 1978 concert # 112.

 

Concert # 89 with the 1978 World Tour Band: Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar), Billy Cross (lead guitar), Alan Pasqua (keyboards), Steven Soles (rhythm guitar, backup vocals), David Mansfield (violin & mandolin), Steve Douglas (horns), Jerry Scheff (bass), Bobbye Hall (percussion), Ian Wallace (drums), Helena Springs, Jo Ann Harris, Carolyn Dennis (background vocals).

 

1 instrumental without Bob Dylan.

 

3, 5, 15, 16, 22 Bob Dylan (harmonica).

14 Helena Springs, Jo Ann Harris, Carolyn Dennis (vocals) without Bob Dylan.

15 Bob Dylan solo (vocal, harmonica & guitar).

 

BobTalk

You know in the 50 there was, I don't know if anybody here remembers, the carnivals used to have in the 50ĺs, every carnival used to have a geek. Do you know what a geek is? A geek is a man that eats a live chicken, right before your eyes. He bites the head off, eats that. Then he goes ahead, eats the heart, drinks up the blood, sweeps up all the feathers with a broom. In them days it cost a quarter to see him. I guess now it might cost about 15 bucks, if there is one. Anyway. The geek pretty much kept to himself most of the time. Nobody, I never did get too tight with the geek, but one day I was having breakfast with the bearded lady and she says, "Stay away from that man." I say, "Why?" She says, "Because he looks at everybody else in the world as freaky, except him. He thinks that he's just earning a living, and what heĺs doing is pretty straight." I said, "Oh,wow" Anyway, years later that came back to me. I was walking down the streets of Nashville one day, I think it was about 1964, with my organ player Al Kooper. Both of us had long hair, and in them days in Nashville nobody had long hair. Not Willie Nelson, nobody. So we were walking down the street and buses were stopping. People just stopped in their tracks when they see us walking down the street. And somewheres along the line all these things I put them together in this particular tune. (before Ballad Of A Thin Man)

Thank you. I was invited to the Newport Folk Festival way back when. I had been invited there previously and it didnĺt cause too much trouble. But this one particular year I was there playing this song and they kicked me out of town. Sent me away on a train. Anyway, itĺs hard to believe a song could cause that much disturbance, but it did. (before Maggieĺs Farm)

Thank you. (ů..). Is that your (ů..)? Is that (ů..) down there? How long have you been together? Well, I got three girls, women, in this band. They wanna sing a song that I wrote. They cornered me last night and they say, ôBobby, you canĺt sing this song no moreö. So they gonna sing it for you right now. (before Rainy Day Women #12 & 35)

Thank you. A few years ago I went over the South of France when the gypsies have their festival. It happens to be their high holy holiday, like Christmas time. Anyway, that particular day happens to be the day I was born on. It's my birthday also. I'd heard about that for years and I went over to check it out. Just like that, I did. So I arrived, over a town on the ocean, in the south of France. And all the gypsies were there. They were there from Hungary, Romania, France, England, Germany, all them countries. Just all along the beach. What they do for their holiday is just party for a week. So, I managed to meet the king of the gypsies over there. I don't know how old he was, he was wearing a derby hat when I met him. He had 16 wives and 125 children. And I was very impressed of that. Anyway, I stayed around and partied for a week, I didnĺt sleep, did everything there was to do at least twice. And when it was time to leave he said, "What you want, Bob, now when our way are gonna part?" All I needed was just to stay up one more day, just to get back to the North of France, so I asked for just please give me one more cup of coffee for the road. So they give it to me in a bag, I took it and headed off down.

Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on the drums tonight, from Kingston, Jamaica, give him a warm welcome. Ian Wallace. He's a good drummer. Irreplaceable drummer. Anyway, on the bass guitar, Jerry Scheff. On the keyboards, from the Bahamas, Alan Pasqua. On the lead guitar, the oldest member of this group, born in 1921, Mr. Billy Cross. All right. On the violin and the mandolin, sometimes the electric guitar, the youngest member of this group, only fifteen years old, been with me now for five years. Doesn't smoke dope, chase women, doesn't drink whiskey. I keep trying to change him, but it can't be done. Anyway, I'm grooming him for the Bruce Springsteen band while he's here. David Mansfield. All right, on the rhythm guitar from Bogota, Colombia. A young man who doesn't speak any English, but he plays his heart out on that guitar. A man who gave up a promising career as a sports car driver to join this band. Ladies and gentlemen, I wanna introduce you to Mr. Steven Soles. On the tenor saxophone, a man who you've heard many times before, probably don't even know it. The phenomenal Steve Douglas. On the backup vocals, three young ladies I can't do without anymore. I know I don't have the greatest voice in the world but they do make it sound somewhat better and they do cover it up sometimes. Anyway, way over on the one side, my ex-girlfriend, Helena Springs. Way down in the middle, my current girlfriend, Jo Ann Harris. And on the other side, the true love of my life, my current fiancÚe, Carolyn Dennis. On the conga drums from Detroit City, also has played on many other records. The amazing Miss Bobbye Hall. I hope we played something right for you tonight. Weĺll get out of here real soon. (before Itĺs Alright, Ma (Iĺm Only Bleeding)

So, this is a song I wrote for one of my babies when he was a baby. He isnĺt a baby anymore, heĺs not here, but I wanna play it anyway. (before Forever Young)

 

1 new song (3%) compared to previous concert. No new songs for this tour.



Stereo audience recording, 140 minutes.

 

