This is not the Border Beneath the Sun bootleg. 

One of the many things I love about listening to Dylan is how when listening to several concerts 
in a row (and I mention this because I have already posted the three previous Paris concerts) 
how the music becomes a mantra. There are those who will complain that the set lists of these
Paris concerts are too uniform and yet I do not believe it is about what different or rare songs
Dylan may sing from one night to the next (just look at the sets during the 66 shows and even 
though they were nearly the same every night the heights that were reached are still beyond
comprehension) but more about what is happening right there right then at the precise moment the
music is being created. In my estimations Dylan is more than just a song and dance man he is 
a painter and I very much believe every performance is a blank canvas that during the course 
of a performance he and the band fill up with astounding colors and brilliant flashes of heat 
and light. Listening and even climbing inside of these sonic paintings really does like a 
mantra aid in the concentration of meditation. -- Charlespoet

Bob Dylan 
Pavillon de Paris 
Paris, France 
July 6, 1978 

Taper: Unknown 
Lineage: Reel to Reel Master>DAT>CD-R(Audio Catalyst)wav>(flacfrontend)flac8. 

Disc One: 

1. My Back Pages (Instrumental) 
2. She's Love Crazy 
3. Baby Stop Crying 
4. Mr. Tambourine Man 
5. Shelter From The Storm 
6. It's All Over Now, Baby Blue 
7. Tangled Up In Blue 
8. Ballad Of A Thin Man 
9. Maggie's Farm 
10. I Donít Believe You (She Acts Like We Never Have Met) 
11. Like A Rolling Stone 
12. I Shall Be Released 
13. Going, Going, Gone 
14. Rainy Day Women # 12 & 35 (Instrumental) 
15. True Love Tends To Forget 
16. Gates Of Eden 

Disc Two: 

1. The Man In Me 
2. One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below) 
3. Blowin' In The Wind 
4. I Want You 
5. SeÒor (Tales Of Yankee Power) 
6. Masters Of War 
7. Just Like A Woman 
8. Don't Think Twice, It's All Right 
9. All Along The Watchtower 
10. All I Really Want To Do 
11. It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding) 
12. Forever Young 
13. Crowd 
14. Changing Of The Guards 
15. The Times They Are A-Changin'

Concert # 15 of the 1978 European Tour. 1978 concert # 45.

Concert # 22 with the 1978 World Tour Band: 
Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar), 
Billy Cross (lead guitar), 
Alan Pasqua (keyboards), 
Steven Soles (rhythm guitar, backup vocals), 
David Mansfield (violin & mandolin), 
Steve Douglas (horns), 
Jerry Scheff (bass), 
Bobbye Hall (percussion), 
Ian Wallace (drums), 
Helena Springs, 
Jo Ann Harris, 
Carolyn Dennis (background vocals).

Instrumentals without Bob Dylan.

Gates Of Eden Bob Dylan solo (vocal, guitar & harmonica).

Just Like A Woman Bob Dylan (harmonica).

BobTalk

Thank you. Thank you very much. Ce chanson, est líhistoire comme ma vie. I hope I said that 
right. (before Shelter From The Storm)

Thank you, Merci. Une chanson ... hmm ... Ain't gonna work on Maggie's Farm no more. 
(before Maggie's Farm)

Thank you. Merci. Une nouveau chanson, Tales Of Yankee Power.

Thank you! Let me introduce you to the band. Let me introduce the band to you. 
On the drums is Ian Wallace. Ian Wallace. On the bass guitar, a very fine bass player, 
Jerry Scheff. On the drums, no, on the keyboards tonight, from the Bahamas, Mr. Alan Pasqua. 
Lead guitar is Billy Cross. On the conga drums, from Detroit, Bobbye Hall. Over here, 
on my left, on the rhythm guitar, a young man who's been a great friend of mine, 
on the rhythm guitar from Tombstone, Arizona, Mr. Steven Soles. Young man on the mandolin 
and guitars. You've heard him earlier, David Mansfield. And on the tenor saxophone, 
youíre dying to meet this man I know, Mr. Steve Douglas. On the background vocals tonight 
we have, on the left, a young lady who's got a great future, Miss Carolyn Dennis. 
And on the right, my current girlfriend, Jo Ann Harris. And in the middle, we have a young 
lady who's also got a very bright future. Miss Helena Springs. And a great behind! This is 
called It's Alright Ma, I'm Only Bleeding.                             

Thank you. Merci. Bon soir. Vive la France! (after The Times They Are A-Changin')

Thanks Olof!
Enjoy!
Charlespoet

 