Bob Dylan
Hulman Civic University Center
Terre Haute, Indiana
14 October 1978
  
source: my tape (not excellent and it sounds fast) 
 
D1
01 My Back Pages
02 Iĺm Ready (Willie Dixon)
03 Is Your Love In Vain?
04 Shelter From The Storm
05 It's All Over Now, Baby Blue
06 Tangled Up In Blue
07 Ballad Of A Thin Man
08 Maggie's Farm
09 I Donĺt Believe You (She Acts Like We Never Have Met)
10 Like A Rolling Stone
11 I Shall Be Released
12 Going, Going, Gone
13 One Of Us Must Know (Sooner Or Later)
14 It Ain't Me, Babe
15 Am I Your Stepchild?

D2
01 One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below)
02 Blowin' In The Wind
03 Girl From The North Country
04 Where Are You Tonight? (Journey Through Dark Heat)
05 Masters Of War
06 Just Like A Woman (inc)
07 To Ramona
08 All Along The Watchtower
09 All I Really Want To Do
band intro
10 It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)
11 Forever Young
12 Changing Of The Guards
 

Concert # 21 of the 1978 US Fall Tour. 1978 concert # 70..

Concert # 47 with the 1978 World Tour Band: Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar), Billy Cross (lead guitar), Alan Pasqua (keyboards), Steven Soles (rhythm guitar, backup vocals), David Mansfield (violin & mandolin), Steve Douglas (horns), Jerry Scheff (bass), Bobbye Hall (percussion), Ian Wallace (drums), Helena Springs, Jo Ann Harris, Carolyn Dennis (background vocals).


1 instrumental without Bob Dylan.
5, 15, 21 Bob Dylan (harmonica).
14 Bob Dylan solo (vocal, harmonica & guitar).
 

BobTalk 

All right, thank you! This is a love ballad I wrote a few years back about three people who are in love with each other. (before Tangled Up In Blue)

Thank you! All right. All right, this song I first played at the Newport Folk Festival 1964. They kicked me out of town for singing it. Anyway I keep persisting. I wanna sing it again tonight. I ain't gonna work on Maggie's Farm no more.

Thank you! Weĺre gonna take a short break right here. We'll be right back. Anyway, I recorded this tune a few years back with The Band. Remember The Band? (....) album called Planet Waves. Sold about three copies. All right, weĺre gonna see you in a short while. (before Going, Going, Gone)

Thank you! This is a song coming straight out of the book of Revelations. (plays All Along The Watchtower) Thank you! That was All Along The Watchtower that was David Mansfield on the smoking violin.

Thank you very much! Thank you! Ladies and gentlemen, I wanna introduce the members of the band to you. Please give the drummer a warm hand now, from Kingston Jamaica, on the drums tonight, Mr. Ian Wallace. On the bass guitar, Mr. Jerry Scheff. All right, on the keyboards, from the Bahamas, the one and only Alan Pasqua. On the lead guitar, the brilliant, sexy, very dangerous, Mr. Billy Cross. The oldest living lead guitar player! All right, on the rhythm guitar tonight, we have a man with great talent. He doesn't speak a word of English, but he plays his heart out. Ladies and gentlemen, from Tombstone, Arizona, Mr. Steven Soles. On the electric violin, and the mandolin the youngest member of the group. He's only fifteen years old, he's been with me for five years. Ladies and gentlemen, Mr. David Mansfield. All right, on the tenor saxophone, the phenomenal Steve Douglas! All right, yeah, on the background, backup vocals tonight. On the right my ex-girlfriend, Jo Ann Harris. On the left, my current girlfriend, Carolyn Dennis. And in the middle, my fiancÚe, Helena Springs. On the conga drums, from Detroit City, Miss Bobbye Hall. All right, this is called It's Alright Ma, I'm Only Bleeding.

Thank you! We're gonna get out of here now. This song I wrote a few years back for one of my babies. Anyway, we're gonna head out now, so ... Youĺve been a great crowd, maybe weĺll come back. I hope we played a few things right tonight. (before Forever Young)

 
