commercial boot>unclekurty's wallet>Plextor 40 max>EAC>wav>shn

Roadmaps For The Soul 

Tracks: 
Disc one 
1 Friend Of The Devil (acoustic)  
2 Mr. Tambourine Man (acoustic)  
3 Masters Of War (acoustic)  
4 Mama, You Been On My Mind (acoustic)  
5 Hard Rain (acoustic)  
6 Tangled Up In Blue (acoustic,  with harp)  
7 It's All Over Now, Baby Blue (acoustic)  
8 Can't Wait  
9 Every Grain Of Sand  
10 Stuck Inside Of Mobile  
11 Not Dark Yet
  
Disc two 
1 Highway 61 Revisited  
(encore)  
2 Love Sick  
3 Leopard-Skin Pill-Box Hat  
4 Blowin' In The Wind (acoustic)  
5 Not Fade Away  
6 Like A Rolling Stone  
Bonus Tracks: 
7 I Am The Man, Thomas (acoustic) (R. Stanley)  
8 Song To Woody (acoustic)  
9 It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding) (acoustic)  
10 Ring Them Bells (acoustic) (Larry on pedal steel)  
11 Visions Of Johanna (acoustic)  
12 Hootchie Cootchie Man (Willie Dixon)  
 
Hala Tivoli, Ljubljana, Slovenia April 28, 1999  
Bonus Tracks: Continental Airlines Arena 
East Rutherford, New Jersey   November 13, 1999 
Manufacturer / Catalog No. 
Rattlesnake / RS 064/65  

Released: 
2001 

"ROADMAPS FOR THE SOUL" 2CD "Hala Tivoli" Ljubljana, Slovenia 28 April 1999 
  plus filler 13 Nov 1999 East Rutherford, NJ
  Tracks: 23  Time: 151  Source: Line recordings  Quality: Excellent
  
A just-recently circulating line recording in excellent sound (also rumored to be from a pro stage miked source).. in full upfront sound with well-balanced instruments/strong vocals. Beautiful show with highlights too numerous to mention. The desirability quotient of this one is high, what with the "shortage" of prime Euro Spring shows afoot. The bonus tracks from East Rutherford are in glorious sound and, as you can see below (Visions, Ring Them Bells, Woody, Hoochie Coochie), well selected. Much listening pleasure from this one. Once again, high quality 12-page booklet/essay w/color glossy pics.


FLAWS:

During LARS at 4.46 of the song, there is a skip in the recording that jumps over some words. It also happens at 7.05 at the very end of the song.

  
from Dylanbase:" Another fine release from Rattlesnake.  A different type soundboard according to the booklet.  Sound is excellent.  This show is sandwitched between the Zurich 4/25/99(Masters Of Zurich) and Vienna, Austria(Rollin'Through Stormy Weather)4/30/99.  Friend Of The Devil starts the show, with Bob hitting on some verses, but not the whole song.  Bob flubs the start of 2nd verse of Tambourine Man, but recovers well for a very good version.  Masters Of War has some very fine acoustic picking.  Mama, You Been On My Mind is a gem with more picking and a sweet steel guitar from Bucky.  Hard Rain finds Bob losing the words again, but the song never really gets going.  Tangled is about the same as other versions, except near the end, when the band all but stops playing, and then fires up with Dylans wicked harmonica for a nice finish to the song.Baby Blue is almost the same as Zurich.  The electric set starts with a very funky guitar riff from Bob on Can't Wait with Larry's leads filling in for one of the best versions of this song.  From here to the end of the show, it's all uphill.  Every Grain is sung beautifully and is a definite highlight.  Mobile rolls along for another fine version.  Not Dark Yet is well sung and sad sounding.  Highway 61 just stings with Larry's leads: A full out rocker.  I never get tired of Love Sick, and this one doesn't dissapoint with Bob giving a different twist on the final verse than other versions.  On the middle jam on Leopard Skin, the whole band is doing thier own jamming at the same time.  David Kemper's drums just thump: Excellent.  Blowin' is sung well, especially on the chorus.  Same with Not Fade Away, the vocals are dead on.  Rolling Stone has a problem.  At 4.46 of the song, there is a skip in the recording that jumps over some words.  It must be the tape source, because I bought 4 copies for friends and myself and it was the same on each disc.  It also happens at 7.05 at the very end of the song.  If anyone else has the same problem, please post.  This should not deter you from getting this release.  Bob's vocals are strong throughout the show and the band is on.  If you like Zurich and Stormy Weather, you'll like this show.  The bonus tracks are simply awesome.  A soundboard from Jersey I've never heard before and wonder where the rest of this show is at.  Song To Woody is the best I've heard.  Ring Them Bells is great.  But the cream of the crop is HOOTCHIE COOTCHIE Man.  It's worth the price of the discs themselves.  I would highly recommend this release to any collector."

-----------------------------------------------------------------------



  

