bobtalk 1979-12-05

(before When You Gonna Wake Up?) All right. Thank you. I don't know what God you believe in. I believe in a God that can raise the dead. Unless your God can do that, he ain't no God. 

(before Slow Train) Well, you know we're living now in the end times. I don't think there's anybody here who doesn't feel that in their heart. Scripture says, "in the last days, perilous times shall be at hand. Men shall become lovers of their own selves." Blasphemous,
heavy, and high-minded. Now, I don't know who you're gonna vote for, but none of those people is gonna straighten out what's happening in the world now. You know what's happening right now, when you look at the Middle East? They're headed for a war. That's right, they're headed for war. There's gonna be war over there. I'd say maybe five years, maybe ten years, could fifteen years, I don't know, but remember I told you right here. I told you "The Times They Are A-Changing" and they did! I said the answer was "Blowin’ In The Wind" and it was! And I'm saying to you now, Jesus is coming back, and he is! There is no other way to salvation. I know around here you've got a lot of different spiritual things. You've got a lot of gurus, I know you do. You've got a lot of people just putting a mess on you in all kinds of ways. You don't even know which way to believe. There's only one way to believe. There's only one way, the truth and the light. It took me a long time to figure that out before it did come to me. I hope it doesn’t take you that long. But Jesus is coming back to set up his kingdom in Jerusalem for a thousand years. I don't know if that's news to you, but I know you don't read it in the newspapers. But it's the truth. All right. So don't you be worried now. Don't you be bothered by the events to come, because, if you're saved, you're saved. And if you're lost, you're lost. 

(before God Uses Ordinary People) Thank you. Mona Lisa's gonna come and sing a song called, "God Uses Ordinary People." You know he does use ordinary people. He doesn't use no , uh, superheroes or strange mystical people, he uses ordinary people. That's right. And Moses was even an ordinary . . . person. Did you know Moses didn't even want to go down to Egypt-land and tell them to get those people out. But God said, Moses, you go down there and you get those people out" Now Moses couldn't talk very well
though. Anyway, he went down there and he told Pharaoh to let the people go. But Pharaoh did not want to do it. He did not
want to let those people go. Pharaoh was what you could call, rebellious. He had a rebellious spirit. And God told Moses,
"Well, Moses, you go tell Pharaoh, uh he's gonna, hail's gonna strike." So Moses went and he told Pharaoh that the hail was
gonna come and Pharaoh didn't believe him. You know that he wasn't gonna believe him. But the hail came anyway and the
rivers dried up and all kinds of plagues came. You can read about it yourself, if you want to. Anyway, Pharaoh probably still
did not want to let those people go. He would not let them go because they were working for him. There what you call slaves.
They were working for him, and, uh, he did not want to let them go at all. Anyway, the last time, God told Moses, he said,
"Moses, you go tell Pharaoh that all the first-born sons in Egypt are going to die tonight. That he gonna - God does that, you
know, God will just use his judgment to see, however he sees fit. Anyway, Moses said to God, "Well how will all the Hebrew
children, how will he know them, how will this destroying angel know the Hebrew children?" And he said, "Well, if you go
kill a lamb and you put the sign of the blood on every door" And that's what Moses did. And the blood was on every door.
And you know you need that blood on your door. Of course you do. Mona Lisa's gonna sing a song called, "God Uses
Ordinary People" and show you, that he really truly does. Mona? Mona Lisa!

(before Saved) Thank you. I hear that some, somebody says, "I like, I like the music, but I don't, I can't, I can't get the message. I like the music, but it's the message I can't get." That's like saying, "I like the high, but the lows, I just don't quite, I can't quite place."
"The eyes, the ears are ok, but the neck just don't work." You know some of you people, you know, you've got to be
responsible for what you say. Now here's a song about being delivered from the devil, who is the God of this world. Prince of
the power of the air. Mister Devil. He's infiltered, uh, infiltrated into everything. Medicine, science, you name it, he's there.


(before Blessed Be The Name) All right, thank you! On keyboards tonight, give him a hand, Spooner Oldham. On the other set of keyboards, Terry Young. Playing lead guitar tonight, Fred Tackett. On the drums is Jim Keltner. Playing electric bass guitar, Tim Drummond. All right, singing on the bottom is Helena Springs. Signing in the middle is Regina McCreary. Singing on top is Mona Lisa
Young. I'm glad you all got to come. I don't know if we'll ever be back, but remember, Jesus is Lord. And nothing else will
do!