Bob Dylan
Madison Square Garden
New York City, New York
17 July 1986
 

 CDA>WAVELAB>FLAC

 
Disc 1

 So Long, Good Luck And Goodbye (Weldon Rogers)
 Knockin' On Heaven's Door
 Positively 4th Street
 We Three (My Echo, My Shadow And Me) (Dick Robertson/Nick Cogane/Sammy Myalls)
 Shot Of Love
 We Had It All (Donny Fritts-Troy Seals)
 Union Sundown
 
Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers:
 Listen To Her Heart (Tom Petty)
 Can't Get Enough Of Your Money (?)
 The Waiting (Tom Petty)
 Breakdown (Tom Petty)
 Mr. Tambourine Man
 One Too Many Mornings
 I Want You
 Band Of The Hand
 When The Night Comes Falling From The Sky
 
Disc 2


 Lonesome Town (Baker Knight)
 Ballad Of A Thin Man
 
Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers:
 So You Want To Be A Rock & Roll Star (R. McGuinn/C. Hillman)
 I Need To Know (Tom Petty)
 Refugee (Tom Petty & Mike Campbell)
 Bye Bye Johnny (Chuck Berry)
 Rainy Day Women # 12 & 35
 Seeing The Real You At Last
 Across The Borderline (Ry Cooder/John Hiatt/Jim Dickinson)
 I And I
 Band Intros
 Like A Rolling Stone
 In The Garden

Disc 3

 Blowin' In The Wind
 Shake A Hand (Joe Morris)
 House Of The Risin' Sun (trad.)
 

 
 
 
Concert #28 of the 1986 True Confessions US Tour. Concert #47 with Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers. 1986 concert #47.

 

Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar) with Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers.

Tom Petty (guitar), Mike Campbell (guitar), Benmont Tench (keyboards), Howie Epstein (bass), Stan Lynch (drums)

and with The Queens Of Rhythm: Carolyn Dennis, Queen Esther Marrow, Madelyn Quebec, Louise Bethune (backing vocals).

8, 9 Bob Dylan solo (vocal & guitar).

8, 9, 23 Bob Dylan (harmonica).

10 Bob Dylan (guitar & vocal) and Benmont Tench (piano).

15 Howie Epstein (slide guitar), Tom Petty (bass).

15-19, 21-23 Ron Wood (guitar).

21 Bob Dylan and Tom Petty (shared vocals).



 

BobTalk

Thank you. That's a very special song for a very special person. Hope we did it all right. (after We Three (My Echo, My Shadow And Me))

All right before we go too far I wanna say hello to all those people right there. In the upper balcony. You know, youĺre really good tonight. And also to those people right there. (after Mr. Tambourine Man)

I wanna play a real special song here in this special place. This is the very stage where Ricky Nelson got booed off for singing Garden Party, this is the one, the very one. Anyway, it gives me a real great pleasure to sing one of Rickyĺs songs in this place. This is one that <inaudible> when I was growing up, called Lonesome Town.

OK now, I wanna introduce Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers. On the keyboards, from ????, Florida, Benmont Tench. On guitar, Michael Campbell. On another guitar tonight, Ronnie Wood. [Ron Wood: "I tell you, I was gonna save this for the end, but nobody here were introduced to Bob Dylan except at the beginning. Hey, this is Bob Dylan. I gotcha!" wild long cheering ôNot to mention Tom Pettyö] OK, on the bass guitar, Howie Epstein. And let's hear that just as loud as you just did for the other mates, Howie Epstein!! Ha-ha. Of course you know I also have my own Heartbreakers now. They've been with me a long time, Carolyn Dennis and Madelyn Quebec. Queen Esther Marrow and Louise Bethune. (before Like A Rolling Stone)

OK, here now, put some light on up here now. OK, now we wanna thank ???? for bringing us here. I also wanna say hello to my friend Rubin Hurricane Carter who's out there somewhere. And I guess we get on before we're shut down. (before Blowinĺ In The Wind)

OK. We'd like to play more for you, but we're into overtime now, so we can't do it, all right? (after House Of The Risin' Sun) 

 

Bootleg

With A Rolling Stone. Archive Series.

 

8 new songs (34%) compared to previous concert. 2 new songs for this tour.

 

Stereo audience recording, 175 minutes.

