 
BOB DYLAN

  Meadowlands Brendan T. Byrne Sports Arena
  East Rutherford, New Jersey
  27 October 1981
  
DISC ONE

1.  Gotta Serve Somebody
  
2.  I Believe In You
  
3.  Like A Rolling Stone
  
4. I Want You
  
5.  Man Gave Names To All The Animals
  
6.  Maggie's Farm
  
7.  Girl From The North Country
  
8. Ballad Of A Thin Man
  
9. Simple Twist Of Fate
  
10. All Along The Watchtower
  
11. I'll Be Your Baby Tonight
  
12. Let's Begin (Jim Webb)
  
13. Forever Young
  
14. Gamblin' Man (trad.)
  
15. The Times They Are A-Changin'

***********************

DISC TWO
  
1. A Hard Rain's A-Gonna Fall
  
2. Watered-Down Love
  
3. Masters Of War
  
4. Mr. Tambourine Man
  
5. Solid Rock
  
6. Dead Man, Dead Man
  
7. Just Like A Woman
  
8. Heart Of Mine
  
9. When You Gonna Wake Up
  
10. In The Garden
  
 
  —
  
11. Blowin' In The Wind
  
12. It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)
  
13. Knockin' On Heaven's Door
  

 

 

Concert #9 of US and Canada Fall Tour 1981. 1981 concert #36.

Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar), Fred Tackett (guitar), Steve Ripley (guitar), Al Kooper (keyboards), Tim Drummond (bass), Jim Keltner (drums), Arthur Rosato (drums), Clydie King, Regina Havis, Madelyn Quebec (background vocals).

 

11, 12 Bob Dylan & Clydie King (shared vocal).

13, 15, track 13 disc 2 Bob Dylan (harmonica).

14 Clydie King, Regina Havis, Madelyn Quebec (vocals) (no Bob)

track 12 disc 2 Bob Dylan solo (vocal & guitar).

 

BobTalk

Thank you, you're great. You all feel pretty good tonight huh? Oh heaven, I wish I felt that good. If I stay here long enough I might feel that good. Oh yeah? All right! So, how you doing? How far you'd come? Is that right? I might be acting a little strange right now. That's because this is a mighty strange place. Oh yes, it is. I ain't seen nowhere like this. Back in the dressing room there, I got a black mirror in my room! I was looking through it just half an hour ago, I see two eyes looking back at me. (before Man Gave Names To All The Animals)

Thank you. You feeling all right? Am I singing on key tonight? I’ll try sing this one for you in key. (before Girl Of The North Country)

Thank you. Anybody here tonight paid to get in? What? I can't hear you. Talk up, yeah. I'm glad you're sitting there. Phew! (before Ballad Of A Thin Man)

We're gonna do this song here. The songwriter who wrote it is here tonight. There’s a lot of famous people here tonight. I wanna just tell you that you may be sitting next to somebody that's famous. I know you are. You definitely are. That man over there's famous too, yes he is. (plays Let's Begin) I hope we did that right Jim.

It's easy to say that, but hard to do it. Any gambling men out there? I guess there should be. Yeah! Don't you have a big gambling resort around here somewhere. What's it called? What's that gambling town around here? Reno? Atlantic City. Big gambling town, yeah? Well here's a gambling song for you gambling men. Gambling women too. I don't think any women are gamblers though do you? (before Gamblin' Man)

It's a hard rain’s a-gonna fall. Well, what happens when hard rain falls? You get watered-down love! This is off a big hit selling album. I'm not sure if it's still in print but ..., oh yeah. Oh boy. 

All right, all right. I want to play .... We had a single record released a while back. I think it sold about five copies. But I like it so much I just got to play it. Anyway, it sold about three copies right here. (before Heart Of Mine)

All right. I wanna say hello to all the editors of Rolling Stone magazine, oh yeah. All the writers and editors are here tonight I think, checking me out. They're gonna come back stage later, I'm gonna check them out. (before When You Gonna Wake Up)

All right, hello. Thank you. I wanna say hello to Mr. and Mrs. Kooper who are out there tonight. Wherever they are, I wanna say greetings! I'm glad you could make it. Anyway this is Mr. and Mrs. Kooper's relative on keyboards over here. A man I've known for quite some time now. I'm not gonna tell you his name but that's him on keyboards. I should tell you his name anyway. Al Kooper is his name. Played with me twenty years. Maybe some of you heard of him, maybe some of you haven't. A legend in his own time though. On the drums tonight, Jimmy Lee Keltner from Tulsa, Oklahoma. From New Jersey, state of I think he's from, Ashbury Park, New Jersey, on the guitar, Steve Ripley. On the other guitar, Fred Tackett. All right, on the guitar, bass guitar Tim Drummond. On the backing vocals, Clydie, Regina, and Madelyn Quebec. On the other set of drums, also from New Jersey is Arthur Rosoto. Give Arthur Rosoto a big hand. I hope I sung something on key tonight, I really do. (at the end of In The Garden)

 

4 new songs (14%) compared to previous concert. 1 new song for this tour.

 

Stereo audience recording, 140 minutes.

the only artwork I could find was wrong so i did not include it.

Sound quality not the greatest but a very animated performance by Bob. Maybe a strong B- Audience recording. Some highlights are an amazing Masters of War,
a bouncy Watered-Down Love (this would have been a natural for the Dead to cover IMHO) and a fantastic "Times" with some incredible singing from the man himself.
and just check out all the Bobtalk!! some of it is hysterical!

info from www.bjorner.com

torrented by hkdave July 2006 at Boot City

Please share the music!

Certified lossless
