"Crash On the Levee"
Medford, Oregon
Jackson County Expo Hall
June 20, 2000

    (Disc 1 - 43:53)
   1. Roving Gambler (acoustic)
   2. To Ramona (acoustic)(Larry on mandolin)
   3. It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding) (acoustic)
   4. Rank Strangers To Me (acoustic)(Larry on mandolin)
   5. Tangled Up In Blue (acoustic)
   6. The Ballad Of Frankie Lee And Judas Priest (acoustic)
   7. Country Pie
   8. Positively 4th Street
  
   (Disc 2 - 49:34)
   9. Down In The Flood
  10. Seńor (Tales Of Yankee Power)
  11. Drifter's Escape (Bob on harp)
  12. Highway 61 Revisited

      (encore)
  13. Most Likely You Go Your Way (And I'll Go Mine)
  14. Like A Rolling Stone
  15. Forever Young (acoustic) (Bob on harp)
  16. Rainy Day Women #12 & #35


with
 David Kemper, percussion
 Larry Campbell, stringed instruments
 Charlie Sexton, guitars
 Tony Garnier, bass

Source:
Unknown taper > ? > CDR > EAC > Sound Forge 7.0 > PSP Vintage Warmer > Waves L2 > FLAC


*****
Analysis:

This one's really good.  Received it in a trade a couple years back.

Sound quality is an excellent audience recording. It's very much a B+ or an A, with only some very, very slight hiss at high volume or with high volume with your cans on. It almost seems to go away as the night goes on. Occasional slight panning of left to right (presumably from the taper moving his head & the mic), pretty much unnoticeable except with cans on. Otherwise, the signal's well balanced & centered. Not a whole lotta crowd noise on this one.

"It's Alright, Ma" will knock your socks off.  Best I've ever heard.  Crank this one up real loud & enjoy it. The performances overall are very good, nice & energetic. "Positively 4th St." is another highlight & "Down In the Flood" rocks, esp. when he really gets into it with the singing at 3:05.  Others would be a not-usually-played "Frankie Lee & Judas Priest" (despite that he flubs most of the first verse) & "Forever Young" (the type of harmonica solo, with great guitar interaction, that you always hope for, every note perfect). "Tangled" was always fun from this time period & this version is very hot, complete with a more-than-perfect Bob solo at the end. He's really in top form tonight.

Bob's vocals are full & present in the mix, with some pretty strong phrasing. Those harmonies are nice, too.  Why don't you let the boys sing with you anymore, Bob? Charlie's guitar solos are missed, too.

No known flaws known in this recording, all .flacs tested OK. No fade-in was made by the original taper for the start of the second CD, so if put these on your MP3 player it will become a seamless concert.

This is my first torrent. My computer's been giving me problems (if you have any advice about a Blue Screen of Death IRQ "not equal to or less than" error, drop me a line). It's been oK this evening and if I go offline I'll be back. I also spent a good deal of time bringing up the overall levels transparently, adding some kick and polish.

Take it easy, but take it,
Dane

"What's Your Y'Alternative?"
http://www.danestrom.com
dane@danestrom.