Information from:
Olof Björner's
Bob Dylan
Yearly Chronicles

Meadowlands Brendan T. Byrne Sports Arena
East Rutherford, New Jersey
21 July 1986
  

 1. Unchain My Heart (James Freddy/Agnes Jones) 
 2. Positively 4th Street 
 3. Clean Cut Kid 
 4. I'll Remember You 
 5. Shot Of Love 
 6. We Had It All (Donny Fritts-Troy Seals) 
 7. Masters Of War 

Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers:
 Straight Into Darkness (Tom Petty)
 Think About Me (Tom Petty)
 The Waiting (Tom Petty)
 Breakdown (Tom Petty)
  
 8. The Times They Are A-Changin' 
 9. One Too Many Mornings 
10. A Hard Rain's A-Gonna Fall     
11. I Forgot More Than You'll Ever Know (Cecil A. Null) 
12. Band Of The Hand 
13. When The Night Comes Falling From The Sky 
14. Lonesome Town (Baker Knight) 
15. Ballad Of A Thin Man
  
Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers:
 Make It Better (Forget About Me) (Tom Petty)
 Spike (Tom Petty)
 Don't Do Me Like That (Tom Petty)
 Refugee (Tom Petty & Mike Campbell)
 
16. Rainy Day Women # 12 & 35 
17. I Dreamed I Saw St. Augustine 
18. Seeing The Real You At Last 
19. Across The Borderline (Ry Cooder/John Hiatt/Jim Dickinson) 
20. I And I 
21. Happy Birthday 
22. Like A Rolling Stone 
23. In The Garden 
24. Blowin' In The Wind 
25. Union Sundown 
26. Knockin' On Heaven's Door
 

Concert #31 of the 1986 True Confessions US Tour. Concert #50 with Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers. 1986 concert #50.
Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar) with Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers.
Tom Petty (guitar),
Mike Campbell (guitar),
Benmont Tench (keyboards), 
Howie Epstein (bass), 
Stan Lynch (drums)

and with The Queens Of Rhythm: Carolyn Dennis, Queen Esther Marrow, Madelyn Quebec, Louise Bethune (backing vocals).

8-10 Bob Dylan solo (vocal & guitar).
9, 26 Bob Dylan (harmonica).
11, 24, 26 Bob Dylan and Tom Petty (shared vocals).
16 Howie Epstein (slide guitar), Tom Petty (bass).
22-26 Al Kooper (organ).

BobTalk

Yeah. Last time I was here it was '81 or '83, something like that. I don't remember. We played this song. Some people here they were here then. So they said, "Bob play that song again tonight, we didn't understand it then. We understand it now." (before Shot Of Love)

Well, good evening. All right, I guess it's an honor and a privilege to be here in the land of the Boss. [audience goes Brooooooce] I heard that sound before. Anyway, in the land of the Boss. This is the territory of bosses. Lots of bosses around here right? All kinds of 'em. Anyway, we all love Bruce and say hello and if he is here say we love him. (before Masters Of War)

We have any people up there wanna come down and sit in front? Come on down. We want four people right here. All right, there we got four people right there. Put them in those four seats right there. There ain't nobody in those seats. Put them in those seats. That's right. That's what we do every place we play. Sometimes rich people get all the front seats and they don't care what they're seeing. Tom and I are gonna sing an old song for you now. They don't write songs like this no more, ha-ha. I wish they did. I don't sing until there's some people in them seats right there. (before I Forgot More Than You'll Ever Know)

All right, anybody here know what time it is? Ha-ha-ha. What time is it? Don't look at your watches now. That watch won't tell you. It's only got numbers on it. All right, we're gonna tell you what time it is. (plays Band Of The Hand) All right now everybody knows what time it is, we're gonna go on.

Ha-ha-ha, all right, OK. Ricky Nelson, great artist, great rock ‘n’ roll performer. Ricky Nelson did a lot for everybody. He recorded a whole lot of my songs actually. We'll do one of his now, called Lonesome Town.

Thank you, Ricky! All right now, we’re gonna sing this particular song. I gotta say something. I just got to! Ha-ha, I figure if I didn't have my say, I got to have it now. You know everybody's susceptible to newspapers. Everybody reads them and I know I do. Sometimes we're in a town you know, you pick up a newspaper the next day, ha-ha, and you read about what you did the night before. That's some trick. So you know now we're playing all these places, I've always had this problem actually. People that come here are rock ‘n’ roll critics. They always come. Newspapers always say, well, who's the rock ‘n’ roll critic on the newspaper. You send him down to that show. Now, I don't mind criticism, I think it's a constructive thing. But I object to people who don't pay nothing for a ticket. They can come in here and say anything they wanna say. I know a lot of people here have paid for their tickets. And it might be nice sometimes, if their views could be put into the newspaper. Not somebody who comes in on a free ticket. And I'm also now saying that you don't play everything for a free ticket, cause sometimes we play a lot of shows, when people don't pay nothing to get in. And that's all right too. Actually, sometimes those are the best crowds. But if there's any people here writing about the show for any of your New Jersey newspapers, ha-ha!. Maybe they wanna check with some of you people, before they write their review. After all you all paid to get in, right? (before Ballad Of A Thin Man)

OK now, a song about St. Augustine, a martyr. A real martyr. [calls for Hurricane] Hurricane? You should say that? Come on now! Hurricane? Are you from the States? Do you know what this State here did to Hurricane? Don't talk to me about Hurricane. We got some people here who don't like him. Marvin Haggler, he's OK though right? Yeah, ha-ha, you get it straight first, then I'll get it straight. (after I Dreamed I Saw St. Augustine)

Is it past anybody's bed time? Ha-ha, it’s past mine. I should have been in bed hours ago. Ha-ha-ha. OK it's Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers right here. Benmont Tench playing the keyboards. Come on right up against that, ... right up against that, fence whatever it is. Yeah, you can come on right up on stage now if you want to. Lead guitar player, Michael Campbell. One of the best guitar players around. Stan Lynch, one of the finest drummers in all the USA. I know, born in the USA. Well were we all born in the USA, anybody here who wasn't born in the USA? I'd like to meet them. OK, we're gonna sing Happy Birthday right now. We're gonna sing Happy Birthday to the bass guitar player in this band. His name is Howie Epstein. Now you sing all those words what you want, but you sing it. What key we gonna sing it in? He's gonna chose the key himself, it's his birthday. 

OK, we're gonna go on with some serious business. Also you know I have my own Heartbreakers now. I can't ..., I wanna introduce them to you now. That's Louise Bethune and Madelyn Quebec. Carolyn Dennis and Queen Esther Marrow. All right, now anybody else out there wanna be introduced? What's your name? I'll introduce you! Ha-ha-ha-ha. All right now, we're gonna play this song. I recorded this song over 25, 30 years ago. I can't remember when. Anyway, I don't know where that band is now, that recorded that song with me. But one of the guys is here, he played the keyboards on that particular song, that night. His name is Al Kooper, I want you to give him a big hand now. Ha-ha ha. Anything you wanna say Al? I like this place I really do, I been here before and I hope I'll be here again. (before Like A Rolling Stone)

Ok now, before we go too far, I wanna introduce the man responsible for me being here right now. Mr. Tom Petty. He's a great artist in his own right and he'll be around for a long time. OK, we're gonna play this next song. I wanna dedicate this to all the people who have been imprisoned injustly. And I'm not talking about somebody who committed a crime now. I'm talking about somebody who's done good things and gets punished for it. A lot of people lie and they cheat and they steal and they murder. I’m no big stranger to that stuff. Sometimes people feed the hungry and they visit the sick and they do tell the truth. And for those reasons sometimes people get put into prison. And those are the kind of prisons I'm concerned about. And you should be to, cause you got a lot of them here in this state. (before In The Garden)



 

Bootleg
Take A Train. Archive Series LP.

6 new songs (23%) compared to previous concert. No new songs for this tour.

Information from:
Lossless Bob
http://jokerman.org.uk/lb/LosslessBob.html

Bob Dylan, 7/21/86, Meadowlands Brendan T Bryne Sports Arena, East Rutherford, New Jersey, 4CDR 
LB-385, (44min +40min +46min +73min), aud master, very good to excellent sound


CD1

1 Unchain My Heart (James Freddy/Agnes Jones), 2 Positively 4th Street, 3 Clean-Cut Kid, 4 I'll Remember You, 5 Shot Of Love, 6 We Had It All (Donny Frittis/Troy Seals), 7 Masters Of War, 8 Straight Into Darkness (Petty), 9 Think About Me (Petty), 10 short silent track, 


CD2

1 silent track, 2 The Waiting (Petty), 3 Breakdown (Petty), 4 The Times They Are A-Changin', 5 One Too Many Mornings, 6 A Hard Rain's A-Gonna Fall, 7 I Forgot More Than You'll Ever Know (Cecil A Null), 


CD3

1 Band Of The Hand, 2 When The Night Comes Falling From The Sky, 3 Lonesome Town (Baker Knight), 4 Ballad Of A Thin Man, 5 Forget About Me (Petty), 6 Spike (Petty), 7 Don't Do Me Like That (Petty), + Refugee (Petty), 


CD4

1 Rainy Day Women Nos. 12 & 35, 2 I Dreamed I Saw St. Augustine, 3 Seeing The Real You At Last, 4 Across The Borderline (Cooder/Hiatt/Dickinson), 5 I And I, 6 Happy Birthday (Trad), 7 Like A Rolling Stone, 8 In The Garden, 9 Blowin' In The Wind, 10 Union Sundown, 11 Knockin' On Heaven's Door 

