Bob Dylan
recorded live at
the Journal Pavillion
Albuquerque, NM
August 9, 2009


lineage: core sound binaurals ->edirol R-09 (24/48)->usb->hard drive->audacity(normalize/fades/48 to 44.1/24 to 16)->cdwave (track splits)->TLH (flac) 

setlist from Boblinks.com

1. Ballad Of A Thin Man (Bob on keyboard and harp, Donnie on lap steel)
2. Lay, Lady, Lay
(Bob center stage on harp - no keyboard, Donnie on pedal steel, Stu on acoustic guitar)
3. Beyond Here Lies Nothin'
(Bob center stage on harp then on keyboard, Donnie on trumpet)
4. Stuck Inside Of Mobile With The Memphis Blues Again
(Bob on keyboard, Donnie on pedal steel, Stu on acoustic guitar)
5. Beyond The Horizon
(Bob center stage on harp then on keyboard, Donnie on pedal steel, Tony on standup bass)
6. It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)
(Bob on keyboard and harp, Donnie on banjo, Tony on standup bass)
7. When The Deal Goes Down
(Bob on keyboard and harp, Donnie on pedal steel, Stu on acoustic guitar, Tony on standup bass)
8. If You Ever Go To Houston
(Bob on keyboard, Donnie on pedal steel, Stu on acoustic guitar)
9. Highway 61 Revisited (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on lap steel)
10. Nettie Moore (Bob on keyboard and harp, Donnie on viola, Stu on acoustic guitar)
11. Summer Days (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on pedal steel, Tony on standup bass)
  	 
  (encore)
12. Like A Rolling Stone (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on pedal steel)
13. Jolene (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on lap steel, Tony on standup bass)
14. All Along The Watchtower (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on lap steel) 

the Band:
Bob Dylan - keyboard, guitar, harp
Tony Garnier - bass
George Recile - drums
Stu Kimball - rhythm guitar
Denny Freeman - lead guitar
Donnie Herron - viola, banjo, electric mandolin, pedal steel, lap steel, trumpet



PLEASE, if u choose to make artwork, include a strong disclaimer that the recording isn't for sale and to please support the artist.
PLEASE do not encode to any other formats (except for personal use/listening) never for trading
PLEASE also include a copy of this info sheet when trading
thanks
Distribute freely!




brought to you by..
theApehouse
and the letter V
