Bob Dylan, 8/19/07, Melbourne, Australia, Rod Laver Arena, 2CDR

LB-5320, (58min+54min), cheetah; SUMMARY, This was my first Bob Dylan concert and I found it very enjoyable despite the fact that I was (and still am) suffering from the flu., The only issue was the young couple directly in front of me who insisted on shrieking as if they were at a Silverchair concert and although I've managed to edit out at least 80% there's enough left to explain my frustration., Still, it's a great recording so enjoy., Recorded and uploaded by Cheetah Recordings, LINEAGE etc, Recording, SP-CMC-9 -> SP-BPF-2 (Bass roll off @ 95hz) -> Sony MZ-NH1 minidisc @ Linear PCM ( 2 recorders used to avoid disc change), Analogue transfer, Sony MZ-NH1 -> BBE 482i Sonic Maximiser -> Onkyo TX-SR500 (direct stereo mode) -> JVC audio CDR burner, Editing, EAC -> WAV -> Creative Wave Studio (Volume boost and track editing) -> FLAC Frontend; excellent sound [A-]

SET LIST, Disc 1, 1. Intro, 2. Leopard-Skin Pill-Box Hat (Bob on electric guitar), 3. Don't Think Twice, It's All Right (Bob on electric guitar), 4. Watching The River Flow (Bob on electric guitar), 5. Just Like A Woman (Bob on electric keyboard and harp), 6. Rollin' And Tumblin' (Bob on electric keyboard, Donnie on electric mandolin), 7. When The Deal Goes Down (Bob on electric keyboard), 8. Highway 61 Revisited (Bob on electric keyboard), 9. Blind Willie McTell (Bob on electric keyboard and harp, Donnie on banjo), 10. My Back Pages (Bob on electric keyboard and harp), Disc 2, 1. Honest With Me (Bob on electric keyboard), 2. Spirit On The Water (Bob on electric keyboard and harp), 3. Stuck Inside Of Mobile With The Memphis Blues Again, (Bob on electric keyboard), 4. Ain't Talkin' (Bob on electric keyboard, Donnie on violin), 5. Summer Days (Bob on electric keyboard), 6. I Believe In You (Bob on electric keyboard), (encore), 7. Thunder On The Mountain (Bob on electric keyboard), 8. All Along The Watchtower (Bob on electric keyboard)

Please retain this info file and its LB number as a marker for this lossless set
and if you spread it please list it in the description to avoid others getting duplicates
