Information from:

Olof BjŲrner's
Bob Dylan
Yearly Chronicles

        Madison Square Garden
	New York City, New York
	29 September 1978

1. 	My Back Pages
2.	Iím Ready (Willie Dixon)
3.	Is Your Love In Vain?
4.	Shelter From The Storm
5.	Just Like Tom Thumb's Blues
6.	Tangled Up In Blue
7.	Ballad Of A Thin Man
8.	Maggie's Farm
9.	I Donít Believe You (She Acts Like We Never Have Met)
10.	Like A Rolling Stone
11.	I Shall Be Released
12.	Love You Too Much
13.	Going, Going, Gone
	
14.	One Of Us Must Know (Sooner Or Later)
15.	It Ain't Me, Babe
16.	Am I Your Stepchild?
17.	One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below)
18.	Blowin' In The Wind
19.	I Want You
20.	SeŮor (Tales Of Yankee Power)
21.	Masters Of War
22.	Just Like A Woman
23.	Baby Stop Crying
24.	All Along The Watchtower
25.	All I Really Want To Do
26.	It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)
27.	Forever Young
	ó
28.	Changing Of The Guards
Concert # 11 of the 1978 US Fall Tour. 1978 concert # 60.
Concert # 37 with the 1978 World 

Tour Band: Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar), 
Billy Cross (lead guitar), 
Alan Pasqua (keyboards), 
Steven Soles (rhythm guitar, backup vocals), 
David Mansfield (violin & mandolin), 
Steve Douglas (horns), 
Jerry Scheff (bass), 
Bobbye Hall (percussion), 
Ian Wallace (drums), 
Helena Springs, Jo Ann Harris, Carolyn Dennis (background vocals).

1 instrumental without Bob Dylan.
16, 22 Bob Dylan (harmonica).
15 Bob Dylan solo (vocal, harmonica & guitar).
Note. 6 broadcast by NBC-TV, 29 September 1978.

BobTalk
Thank you. Here's a song I wrote and recorded ten years ago. I sang it the first time at the folk festival at Newport. Maybe some of you have been there, at the time? Here it again, I Ain't Gonna Work On Maggie's Farm No More.

Thank you. You wanna hear a new song? This is called I Must Love You Too Much.
All right thank you. We almost played that one right. Anyway this is a tune I recorded with The Band not too long ago on an album called Planet Waves. You all remember The Band? (before Going, Going, Gone)

Thank you. This is another new song called Am I Your Stepchild?

Thank you. That last song I wrote right here in New York City a while back. (after I Want You)

This song I wrote in Mexico on a train ride. I was going from Monterey to San Diego, fell asleep and I woke up and I wrote this. (before SeŮor (Tales Of Yankee Power))

Thank you. We're gonna play you this song it's called Baby Stop Crying. It was out a while ago as a single. And thereís lot of people from Columbia Records here tonight, so we'll play it so they know we're doin' our job. (plays Baby Stop Crying) 

Thank you. That last song was for Don DeVito, who's here tonight. Wanna say hello to Don. Wanna say hello to Carolyn and David who are here tonight.

Thank you. All right, the members of this band. The players of the band. On the drums, from England, Ian Wallace. Give him a hand please. On the bass guitar Mr. Jerry Scheff. On the keyboards from Elizabeth, New Jersey Mr. Alan Pasqua. Lead guitar, Billy Cross. On the rhythm guitar, this man lies to me all the time, on the rhythm guitar Steve Soles. On the violin and the mandolin and lead electric guitar, the youngest member of this group, doesn't smoke dope, doesn't go out with women, doesn't drink whiskey. That's why he's so good. Anyway, we're gonna try and keep him just like that, David Mansfield. On tenor saxophone, Mr. Steve Douglas. All right, on the backup vocals tonight, three beautiful young ladies, tear my heart out every night. I'm sure they do the same for you. On the right, my cousin, Jo Ann Harris. In the middle, my childhood sweetheart, Helena Springs. And on the left, my fiancťe, Carolyn Dennis. On the conga drums from Detroit Miss Bobbye Hall. This is called It's Alright Ma, I'm Only Bleeding.

Thank you, all right. This is it for tonight. We're gonna head on. Hope you're all right. Hope your feeling good. And I hope we played a few of these songs right. Anyway, see you soon, be safe now. (before Forever Young)

3 new songs (10%) compared to previous concert. 
Mono audience recording, 145 minutes.

