Bob Dylan, 11/25/76, Winterland, San Francisco, 1CDR

LB-6423, (57min), JTT; I had an OK from the Mods for this Torrent just before the "big crash" but had not got round, to putting it together until now., This recording has been released officially but It was felt it would be acceptable to, Torrent these alternate sources for what has become an historical event. It is interesting, to compare these "RAW" recordings to the remixed, overdubbed versions available generally.; bittorrent download 08/08; on sbd in comparison to cooldaddy bootleg on hazel, this has lower levels which differs from the description above; also it has a little different compression and different tracking; sound and spectral view are similar and do not know of any glitches on the cooldaddy version to be corrected on this one as indicated above;  this has a fade in at the cut at the  beginning of forever young  not on the cooldaddy bootleg; this fades in on bob's vocal and effectively because of very low volume loses a half second of instruments before the vocals; the aud is same recording as motb LB-6030 based on same clapping at beginning of hazel with same wav and spectral view and levels and this about 1% faster; (did not listen to all of this)

BOB DYLAN, THE BAND & SPECIAL GUESTS, Winterland, San Francisco, California, November 25th 1976, SOURCE ONE, Soundboard:, "The Complete Last Waltz" Cool Daddy Records Set > EAC > Soundforge 9 * >, FLAC level 6 align on sector boundaries, * Balance and Increase Levels, Remove many glitches, Re-Index, 1. introduction, 2. Baby Let Me Follow You Down, 3. Hazel, 4. I Don't Believe You, 5. Forever Young, 6. Baby Let Me Follow You Down (Reprise), 7. I Shall Be Released, SOURCE TWO, Audience:, "The Band & Special Guests, Winterland" Torrent Download from Master Cassettes > FLAC >, Soundforge 9 ** > FLAC level 6 align on sector boundaries, ** Balance Channels, Speed Correct, Re-Index, 1. Baby Let Me Follow You Down, 2. Hazel, 3. I Don't Believe You, 4. Forever Young, 5. Baby Let Me Follow You Down (Reprise), 6. I Shall Be Released

Please retain this info file and its LB number as a marker for this lossless set
and if you spread it please list it in the description to avoid others getting duplicates
