Bob Dylan
Johanneshovs Isstadion
Stockholm, Sweden
July 08, 1981

CDR trade. Unknow lineage. Spectral file included.
Excellent quality !! complete with Gospel openers.
AWESOME Set!!

Disc 1
 1. [Dennis-King-Havis-Quebec] Come On In This House
 2. [Dennis-King-Havis-Quebec] It's Gonna Rain
 3. [Dennis-King-Havis-Quebec] Show Me The Way
 4. She Belongs To Me
 5. The Times They Are A-Changin'
 6. Gotta Serve Somebody
 7. I Believe In You
 8. Like A Rolling Stone
 9. Till I Get It Right
10. Man Gave Names To All The Animals
11. Maggie's Farm
12. Simple Twist Of Fate
13. Dead Man, Dead Man
14. Girl Of The North Country
15. Ballad Of A Thin Man
16. Slow Train
17. [Carolyn Dennis] Walk Around Heaven All Day

Disc 2
 1. Let's Begin
 2. Lenny Bruce
 3. All Along The Watchtower
 4. What Can I Do For You?
 5. Solid Rock
 6. Mr. Tambourine Man
 7. Just Like A Woman
 8. Watered Down Love
 9. When You Gonna Wake Up
10. In The Garden
11. Blowin' In The Wind
12. It's All Over Now, Baby Blue
13. Knockin' On Heaven's Door



Olof Bjorner:

Concert # 11 of The Europe Summer Tour 1981. 1981 concert #15.

	Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar), 
	Fred Tackett (guitar), 
	Steve Ripley (guitar), 
	Willie Smith (keyboards), 
	Tim Drummond (bass), 
	Jim Keltner (drums), 
	Clydie King, Carolyn Dennis, Regina Havis, Madelyn Quebec (background vocals).

1, 2, 25 Bob Dylan solo (vocal & guitar).
6 Regina Havis (vocal).
14 Bob Dylan & Clydie King (shared vocal).

Notes;
· This show was recorded by Dylan’s crew.
· The artist Bob Dylan saw on Swedish television was Mikael Wiehe.

BobTalk

- Thank you. I wanna introduce to you right now Regina McCreary. A young lady she been singing with me for awhile [man in the audience. LAY LADY LAY] "Lay Lady Lay" Oh! Ha-Ha! Yeah, I will play it, if you'll sing it. OK, this is Regina McCreary, she's from Nashville, Tennessee, where it's hot and humid, and she's gonna sing a song called [girl in the audience. WE LIKE YOU] Gonna Keep On Falling In Love, Jesus likes us too!, Until I Get It Right. And she's about to do that any time now.

- Thank you. I wanna introduce another young lady singer. She's been singing with me now for about five years. Every place I go she sings with me. This is Carolyn Dennis. She's gonna sing a song called Walking Around Heaven All Day Carolyn Dennis.

- Thank you, we gonna say goodnight now. I hope we played something that you came to hear. If we played something that you came to hear applaud. Ha-ha. And if we didn't play something you came to hear, applaud. I guess we played enough On the left, you met this young lady earlier, you'll probably see her again many times, Carolyn Dennis. Standing next to her is Madelyn Quebec. On the keyboards tonight, a young man I'm sure you'll hear a lot more from, Mr. William Smith. From Nashville, Tennessee, Regina McCreary. On one guitar, the brown one, Fred Tackett. On the other guitar, Steve Ripley. From, from Dallas, Texas, Clydie King. From Tulsa, Oklahoma, on the drums, Jim Keltner. On the bass guitar, Tim Drummond. I wanna thank you for inviting us to come. I hope you’ll invite us back. Goodnight! (at the end of In The Garden)

- All right, thank you! I saw, I saw somebody on television last night play this song. I'm gonna try to do it as good as he did it.(before It's All Over Now, Baby Blue)

7 new songs (26%) compared to previous concert. 2 new songs for this tour.

Stereo audience recording, 115 minutes.

Session info updated 1 September 2003.

[TOP]