Bob Dylan, 7/30/99, Jones Beach, NY, 3CDR

LB-5099, (67min+51min+60min), BOOTLEG: Something Is Happening On Mr. Jones' Beach; Paul Simon and Bob Dylan, SBD + complete Dylan and Simon fragments as AUD from master (mp3 samples), I know I'm getting in trouble by saying this, but:, To me, the audience recording of this torrent sounds preferable to the soundboard. I mean I'm trying to turn away from the "dig this, it's MY recording!" thing when I say that. The reason why has to do with the damn acoustics... you are getting so much more ambience from the audience. Wait, I'll prove it - listen to the samples!, Anyway, I'd like to know if you agree with me. The soundboard was captured via FM reception on a "hard of hearing" device. This device you can get to better hear the concert if you are going deaf or are hearing-disabled. Someone figured out how to port it to a recording device. There is some airplane or reception interference during the recording. The audience recording was captured stage center, about 30 rows back. There's a... warm "feel" about it, especially in the Dylan set, which simply isn't there on the soundboard., I should say that the Dylan set is outstanding. I don't want to seem to put you down if you are a Paul Simon fan, but let's just say that I didn't feel he gave it his best and the reviews of the evening seem to agree. (By the way, if English is not your native language, and especially if you have trouble with it, look up the word "pander". It's *much* better to say what I did than to say something like "HE SUCKED!!!", isn't it?), Ahem., Lineage: The soundboard recording comes from an extremely rare 3cd set called "Something Is Happening On Mr. Jones' Beach" (Rattlesnake RS029/030/031). I have no clue as to why this 3cd set is so rare. I do know it cost me $70USD, and I had to get it from a friend of the producer. It's missing the opening Dylan number "Babe It Ain't No Lie". The audience recording was recorded on a Sony D3 Walkman and was ported to two Sony cdr's before being converted to FLAC. All Flac conversions were done level 6 via Nero., Note: Dylan played with Simon's band only, not the other way around., Enjoy!, A DoinkerTape; bittorrent download 06/07 with aud master see LB-5100; d2t6 is a sort of close eac match to LB-4703; (did not listen to all of this)

Setlist:, Disk One (SBD), Paul Simon, Bridge Over Troubled Water, Can't Run But, The Boy In The Bubble, The Coast, Trailway Bus, Mrs. Robinson, Me and Julio Down By The Schoolyard, Further To Fly, Graceland, The Cool, Cool River, Slip Sliding Away, Diamonds On The Soles Of Her Shoes, You Can Call Me Al, Disk Two (SBD), Late In The Evening, Still Crazy After All These Years, The Sound Of Silence (duet with Bob Dylan), I Walk The Line/The Wanderer (medley with Bob Dylan), Knockin' On Heaven's Door (duet with Bob Dylan), Bob Dylan, Mr. Tambourine Man, Desolation Row, Girl Of The North Country, Disk Three (SBD), Tangled Up In Blue, All Along The Watchtower, Shelter From The Storm, Maggie's Farm, Not Dark Yet, Highway 61 Revisited, Like A Rolling Stone, It Ain't Me Babe, Not Fade Away

Please retain this info file and its LB number as a marker for this lossless set
and if you spread it please list it in the description to avoid others getting duplicates
