robertonthis@hotmail.com

First off.. the title.. Edric went with me to the show.. the clicking you hear during tracks 7 & 8 are not digital clicks, they're Edric's keys, in his pocket.. try not to visualize what he was doing as the mic was 6 inches away at the time..

Edric is also a big Rams fan.. listen to Bob dis the Rams before track 5, I happen to be an Oakland fan, makes it sweeter..

Can someone do some quicky artwork for this puppy with the above title and Rams reference? Disc 1 ends with Old Man if that helps :>)

Of course Edric did name his first born Dylan so he's ok in my book..

Info at http://my.execpc.com/~billp61/dates.html#1009

THE SOUND IS A LITTLE MUDDY.. not from Edric's goo mind you, we were in the front row of the top level dead center.. big barrier in front of the mic. Not as good of quality as the 10/7 show posted this week (which was excellent thank you very much!)

MC66 Where are you??? don't force me to post a Hootie show instead of the cool 2002 Iggy show I just got..

Randy, thanks again.. the truck looks great without all the beer cans in the back..

Recorded with a Sony MS907/Sony M2-R900

Read the repost information please.. my finger gets tired hitting the delete key in my email :>)

If you feel the need to repost this please repost it in the repost group.

Please keep in mind, this is a boot, not an official release.. it's not gonna be perfect.. 
If you want perfect don't download this.. sorry to be a pain with all the "rules"
in this message...I'm tired of all the complainers.

REPOST INFORMATION

If you want a repost of segments email me (take out the AT before the @ out of the email address).. 
I may not see any text posted in this group

With my posts please keep in mind (this applies to all my posts)

I DO NOT do full song reposts.. I will happily repost missing segments 
within reason (not 100 segments of a 130 segment post for example)

Not my fault if you have a crummy server.. attbi is a crummy server so it doesn't count. I know, I use it too. I make sure the post is complete on Giganews before I delete the files.
