This recording is from my cassettes. I can't tell if it's LB-4141 or LB-4151 or indeed some other recording.
The first track is quite muffled compared to the rest of the tape.


CD1
1 A Hard Rain's A-Gonna Fall (instrumental) 
2 Repossesion Blues 
3 Mr. Tambourine Man 
4 I Threw It All Away 
5 Shelter From the Storm **
6 Love Minus Zero / No Limit **
7 Girl From The North Country 
8 Ballad Of A Thin Man 
9 Maggie's Farm 
10 To Ramona 
11 Like A Rolling Stone 
12 I Shall Be Released 
13 Is Your Love in vain?
14 Going, Going, Gone 

CD2
1 One Of UsMust Know (Sooner Or Later) 
2 Blowin' In The Wind 
3 Just Like A Woman 
4 Oh,Sister 
5 Simple Twist of Fate **
6 You're A Big Girl Now 
7 All Along The Watchtower 
8 I Want You 
9 All I Really Want To Do 
10 Tomorrow is a Long Time 
11 Don't Think Twice, it's Alright **
12 band intro
13 It's Alright,Ma (I'm Only Bleeding) **
14 Forever Young **
15 The Times They Are A-Changin'**

** tracks used on "Live at Budokan"

BobTalk

Here's a simple love story. Happened to me. (before Simple Twist Of Fate). 

Thank you. Thank you. Thanks, it's you're too kind. Ha, ha, here's Steve Douglas. What? John Wesley Harding? I wish we could stay here all year, but we can't. (before I Want You)

Thank you! I recorded that in 1963, yeah. This is another song from that year. I think I wrote this the day after that. (before Tomorrow Is A Long Time)

Thank you! I wanna introduce the orchestra to you tonight. Playing the tenor saxophone, flute, what else have you got? Mr. Steve Douglas! On the drums, a man who's played with just about everybody. We're very fortunate to have him tonight here with us, from Great Britain, Ian Wallace. Give him another hand he really deserves it! On the violin and the mandolin, David Mansfield. On rhythm guitar, Steve Soles. Who could ask for more? On the organ, Alan Pasqua. Lead guitar Billy Cross, yeah! Play something! See, he really does play! On the conga drums Bobbye Hall, she's from my home town. Bass guitar, Rob Stoner. These three young ladies we first met at a disc jockey convention. On the left my fiancée Helena Springs. On the right it's my ex-wife Debbie Dye. And in the middle a young woman who's going to go very far, Jo Ann Harris. You'll be hearing more from her. All right thank you very much! This is called It's Alright Ma (I'm Only Bleeding).

Thank you! Once again, it's that time of the hour, and we have to run. (before Forever Young)

Thank you, you’re so very kind! You really are. We’ll play you this song. I wrote this song also about fifteen years ago. It still means a lot to me. I know it means a lot to you too. (plays The Times They Are A-Changin’) Thank you. We'll be here for four more nights, maybe we'll meet you again.

 

