Bob Dylan & Mick Taylor (former Rolling Stones guitarist)
06/09/84
Nya Ullevi Stadium
Gothenburg, Sweden


Converted by:	Fendert
Conversion:	Tape>?x>CDR>Wav>FLAC
Quality:	Very Good / Audience

DO NOT CONVERT TO .MP3 OR ANY OTHER LOSSY FORMAT

This is the 9th Show of Bob Dylan's 1984 tour with former Rolling Stones guitarist 
Mick Taylor.  After the fabulous Brussels show the band had a day off and this show is 
not up to the Brussels standard.  This is an average night for the band, however, Dylan is 
great.  It's almost as if he senses the lack of focus and intuitiveness of the band and he is 
trying to make it up for the crowd.  If every night were great then all the shows would be 
average, right?  The acoustic stuff is up to the highest standards.  Taylor is not quite 
himself this night.  He shows signs of greatness from time-to-time but there seems to be a 
lack of focus.  There are not really many surprises on this night.  "Every Grain of Sand" 
and "Simple Twist of Fate" are reversed.  As usual Santana joins at the end of the show 
and is so damn annoying that it's painful to listen to.  Give a listen to "The Times They 
Are A Changing" and listen to this guy butcher the solo and ruin any emotion the song 
may invoke to the audience with his totally over-the-top (in a very bad way) tone and 
wrong notes.  You know Carlos, this song was 20 years old then, might be time to figure 
it out before botching it on stage.  To be fair, Mick Taylor also botches his lead on "Why 
Do I Have To Choose" (his is the second solo this night) and he hits a bad note and 
totally screws him up (BTW, I could not find that this song was played on the data base, 
but it is here; any suggestions?).  Oh well, maybe Copenhagen will be better.  There is a 
flaw on this recording on disc 2 on the song "When You Gonna Wake Up," it fades out 
before the song ends.  Right now is the 20th Anniversary of those shows and I thought it 
would be cool to release each show to STG on the date of the actual show plus 20 years.  
So, here is the ninth show; only 18 more!!!  We'll see if I can keep up with the rest of the 
tour.  

Disc 1
01.	Highway 61 Revisited
02.	Jokerman
03.	All Along The Watchtower
04.	Just Like A Woman
05.	Maggie's Farm 
06.	I And I 
07.	License To Kill 
08.	Mr. Tambourine Man
09.	It Ain't Me, Babe
10.	It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding) (acoustic)
11.	It's All Over Now, Baby Blue
12.	Masters of War

Disc 2
01.	Ballad Of A Thin Man 
02.	When You Gonna Wake Up
03.	Every Grain of Sand
04.	Simple Twist of Fate
05.	Like A Rolling Stone 
06.	Tangled Up in Blue 
07.	Don't Think Twice
08.	Blowing in the Wind
09.	Tombstone Blues
10.	Why Do I Have to Choose?**
11.	Love Minus Zero – No Limit
12.	The Times They Are a Changing


** NOTE:  This song does not appear in the database as being played this night but it is 
on the recording.

