Bob Dylan, 7/7/00, Bonner Springs, KS, Sandstone Ampitheatre, 2CDR

LB-5068, (49min+41min), From Master Tapes, Sony D-6 w/ Sonic Studios>Cool Edit Pro>Master CDR>EAC>Flac, Dylan opened for Phil Lesh and friends. He started right on time to the minute. Many people were still coming in or not interested in listening, so all recordings of this show have a lot of talking as, even in the front rows, people were just talking and not listening., This tape is the best I have heard from this show as the talking is generally far in the background. The seats around me were filled with Dylan fans or empty. This was recorded from about 23 or so rows back in the right center front section. I included mp3 samples to let you judge the audio. If you know of a better recording, please upload it., I seeded this before the change to EZ Torrent and was told it was the best sounding recording of this show. I've only heard a couple more and both have lots of chatter., I don't have all the Bob talk info, but he does tell a really corny joke. I believe that "Born in Time" was only perfomed one other time that year, and no other times on the summer tour. A couple other songs were performed only rarely that year. Enjoy!; bittorrent download 06/07; nothing above 12k except a band at 20k; different recording than LB-3961 and LB-3963 based on differetn crowd at end of d1t2; in comparison LB-3961 has the fullest sound then this and then LB-3963; this had a lot of background talking on d1t2 when sampled; (did not listen to all of this)

Setlist:, Disc 1, 1. Oh Babe, It Ain't No Lie (acoustic), 2. To Ramona (acoustic) (Larry on mandolin), 3. Desolation Row (acoustic), 4. Mama, You Been On My Mind (acoustic), 5. Tangled Up In Blue (acoustic) (Bob on harp), 6. Searching For A Soldier's Grave (acoustic - Larry on mandolin) (song by Johnnie Wright, Jim Anglin and Jack Anglin), 7. Country Pie, Disc 1, 8. If Not For You, 9. Seeing The Real You At Last, 10. Born In Time, 11. Drifter's Escape (Bob on harp), 12. Leopard-Skin Pill-Box Hat, (encore), 13. Things Have Changed, 14. Like A Rolling Stone, 15. My Back Pages (acoustic) (Larry on fiddle), 16. Highway 61 Revisited, 17. Blowin' In The Wind (acoustic)

Please retain this info file and its LB number as a marker for this lossless set
and if you spread it please list it in the description to avoid others getting duplicates
