Information from:

Olof Björner's
Bob Dylan
Yearly Chronicles

Pacific National Exhibition Hall
Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
 11 November 1978
  
	Disk 1	68:22.51
1.  My Back Pages  
2.  She’s Love Crazy (Tampa Red)  
3.  Mr. Tambourine Man  
4.  Shelter From The Storm  
5.  It's All Over Now, Baby Blue  
6.  Tangled Up In Blue  
7.  Ballad Of A Thin Man  
8.  Maggie's Farm  
9.  I Don’t Believe You (She Acts Like We Never Have Met)  
10.  Like A Rolling Stone  
11.  I Shall Be Released  
12.  Seńor (Tales Of Yankee Power)        
13.  Rainy Day Women # 12 & 35  
14.  The Times They Are A-Changin'

	Disk 2  
15.  It Ain't Me, Babe   
16.  Am I Your Stepchild?  
17.  One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below)  
18.  Blowin' In The Wind  
19.  Girl From The North Country  
20.  We Better Talk This Over  
21.  Masters Of War  
22.  Just Like A Woman  
23.  All Along The Watchtower  
24.  All I Really Want To Do  
25.  It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)  
26.  Forever Young  
27.  Changing Of The Guards
  
Concert # 40 of the 1978 US Fall Tour. 1978 concert # 89.
Concert # 66 with the 1978 World Tour Band: 
Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar), 
Billy Cross (lead guitar), 
Alan Pasqua (keyboards), 
Steven Soles (rhythm guitar, backup vocals), 
David Mansfield (violin & mandolin), 
Steve Douglas (horns), 
Jerry Scheff (bass), 
Bobbye Hall (percussion), 
Ian Wallace (drums), 
Helena Springs, Jo Ann Harris, Carolyn Dennis (background vocals).

1 instrumental without Bob Dylan.
5, 22 Bob Dylan (harmonica).
13 Helena Springs, Jo Ann Harris, Carolyn Dennis (vocals) without Bob Dylan.
15 Bob Dylan solo (vocal, harmonica & guitar).

BobTalk

Thank you. This is a love ballad I wrote a few years back. I didn’t want to but I had to. About three people who were in love all at the same time. (plays Tangled Up In Blue) Thank you. That was Alan Pasqua on the organ. Steve Douglas on the tenor saxophone.

Thank you. This song I wrote in Mexico, in Monterey, a place called Chihuahua. Tales Of Yankee Power. (plays Seńor (Tales Of Yankee Power)) We’re gonna take a break here. We’ll be back in ten minutes.

Thank you. That was Masters Of War, it was Billy Cross on the lead guitar.

Thank you. That was All Along The Watchtower. That was David Mansfield playing the violin.

Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on the drums tonight…playing the drums, give him a warm hand, Ian Wallace. On the bass guitar, Jerry Scheff. Playing the keyboards tonight, Alan Pasqua. Lead guitar, Billy Cross. On the violin and mandolin, David Mansfield. On the rhythm guitar, from Bogota, doesn't speak any English, but he plays his heart out. Does it with rhythm. Ladies and gentlemen, Steven Soles. On the tenor saxophone, a legend in his own time. Ladies and gentlemen, the phenomenal Steve Douglas. All right, on the backup vocals tonight, my three favorite girls. On the right, Jo Ann Harris. In the middle, Helena Springs. And on the other side, Carolyn Dennis. On the conga drums, on the conga drums, from Detroit, the most amazing, don't you agree, Miss Bobbye Hall. All right, we're gonna head out of here pretty soon. I hope we played something right tonight. I know we tried. (before It’s Alright, Ma (I’m Only Bleeding))

Thank you. All right, we're gonna leave you with this song. A song I wrote for one of my babies, when he was a baby. He's not a baby anymore, he's not here tonight, but I wanna play it anyway. (before Forever Young)

3 new songs (11%) compared to previous concert. 

Trade CD > EAC > dBpoweramp > HD > Hungercity > You

Track layout and times do not match either of the Losslessbob listings. 

