Information from:

Olof Björner's
Bob Dylan
Yearly Chronicles

Civic Center
St. Paul, Minnesota
31 October 1978
  
 1.  My Back Pages  
 2.  She’s Love Crazy (Tampa Red)  
 3.  Mr. Tambourine Man  
 4.  Shelter From The Storm  
 5.  It's All Over Now, Baby Blue  
 6.  Tangled Up In Blue  
 7.  Ballad Of A Thin Man  
 8.  Maggie's Farm  
 9.  I Don’t Believe You (She Acts Like We Never Have Met)  
10.  Like A Rolling Stone 
11.  I Shall Be Released  
12.  Coming From The Heart (The Road Is Long) (Bob Dylan/Helena      Springs)  
13.  The Times They Are A-Changin'  
14.  It Ain't Me, Babe  
15.  Am I Your Stepchild?  
16.  One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below)  
17.  Blowin' In The Wind  
18.  Girl From The North Country  
19.  Where Are You Tonight? (Journey Through Dark Heat)  
20.  Masters Of War  
21.  Just Like A Woman  
22.  To Ramona  
23.  All Along The Watchtower  
24.  All I Really Want To Do  
25.  It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)  
26.  Forever Young  
27.  Changing Of The Guards  
28.  I'll Be Your Baby Tonight
 
Concert # 33 of the 1978 US Fall Tour. 1978 concert # 82.
Concert # 59 with the 1978 World Tour Band: 
Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar), 
Billy Cross (lead guitar), 
Alan Pasqua (keyboards), 
Steven Soles (rhythm guitar, backup vocals), 
David Mansfield (violin & mandolin), 
Steve Douglas (horns), 
Jerry Scheff (bass), 
Bobbye Hall (percussion), 
Ian Wallace (drums), 
Helena Springs, Jo Ann Harris, Carolyn Dennis (background vocals).

 

1 instrumental without Bob Dylan.
5, 15, 21 Bob Dylan (harmonica).
14 Bob Dylan solo (vocal, harmonica & guitar).

 

Note. Live debut of Coming From The Heart (The Road Is Long). This was the only performance during the 1978 World tour.

 

BobTalk

Thank you. This is a love ballad I wrote a few years back about three people in love, all at the same time. (before Tangled Up In Blue)

I left Minnesota I think in 1960. I went to the East coast for a while. Anyway, I played this song at Newport Folk Festival, 1963, and they ran me out of town. Anyway, I’m not too concerned of that. But I still play it anyway, called I ain't gonna work on Maggie's Farm no more.

Thank you! We're gonna take a short vacation right here. Take about ten minutes to regroup, load up. Anyway, this is a new song that I wrote a while back, not yet recorded, but we'll try it out on you. (before Coming From The Heart (The Road Is Long))

Thank you. This is a new song I recently wrote called Am I Your Stepchild ?

Thank you. That was All Along The Watchtower and that was David Mansfield on the smoking violin.

Ladies and gentlemen. On the drums tonight, on the drums from England, give him a big hand, Ian Wallace. On the bass guitar, Jerry Scheff. On the keyboards, Alan Pasqua. All right, on the lead guitar, the most dangerous Billy Cross. On the rhythm guitar, a man from Bogota, Colombia. Doesn't speak any English. He gave up a career as a sports car driver to join this band. He's deaf but he plays his heart out. Ladies and gentlemen, give him a warm hand, Steven Soles. Billy Cross is the oldest member of this band, born in 1921. All right, on the violin, mandolin, sometimes lead electric guitar, the youngest member of this group, only fifteen years old, been with me five years. Doesn't smoke dope, drink whiskey or go out with women. Not really. He's pure musician all the way. Ladies and gentlemen, David Mansfield. On the tenor saxophone, a man who made many of Phil Spector’s records. Everybody remembers Phil Spector, right? Also, he used to play with Duane Eddy. The phenomenal Steve Douglas. All right, on the backup vocals tonight, on one side, my ex-girl friend, Jo Ann Harris, give her a warm hand. I love to eat and Jo Ann just hates to cook. anyway, in the middle, my current girlfriend, Helena Springs and on the other side my fiancée, Carolyn Dennis. On the conga drums, from Detroit, the most amazing Bobbye Hall. All right, we gotta get out of here pretty soon. I hope we played something right tonight. (before It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding))

Thank you! All right, we’re going to get out now. It was a pleasure coming this evening, it really was. I’ll come back here more often. Right, well, I’ll be back, I’ve had enough of that New York. Anyway, here's a song I wrote for one of my babies, when he was a baby. He's not a baby no more and he's not here but I wanna play it anyway. (before Forever Young)

 
4 new songs (14%) compared to previous concert. 1 new song for this tour.

 
Trade CD > EAC > FLAC > HD > Hungercity > You


 

