
BobTalk 1978-11-03

(before Tangled Up In Blue) Thank you. This is a ballad I wrote a few years back about three people who are in love with each other all at the same time.

(before Se˝or (Tales Of Yankee Power)) All right thank you. This is a song I wrote coming up from Mexico, Monterey deep in the heart of Chihuahua, on a train ride to San Diego. 

(before One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below)) Thank you, that was a new song I wrote called Am I Your Stepchild? Anyway this is the theme song from the movie Renaldo and Clara. Which I donĺt know if anybodyĺs seen. If you haven't seen it yet, I donĺt know if you will. Anyway I hope you will see it, though. 

(after Where Are You Tonight? (Journey Through Dark Heat)) Thank you. I think that was about three times as fast as we usually play it, but, it really doesnĺt matter. 

(before All Along The Watchtower) Thank you. Thank you very much. .... crazy little women here? Where are all the crazy little women? 

(before It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)) Thank you ladies and gentlemen. On the drums tonight, Ian Wallace. On the bass guitar, Jerry Scheff. Give him a hand. All right, on the organ, keyboards, from the Bahamas, the one and only Alan Pasqua. On the lead guitar, the oldest member of this group, born in 1921 from Clearwater, Minnesota. Ladies and gentlemen Mr. Billy Cross. All right, on the violin and the mandolin, the youngest member of this group, ladies and gentlemen, only fifteen years old. Give him a warm hand, he deserves it. David Mansfield. On the rhythm guitar, tonight, tonight only, from Bogota, gave up a career of being a sports car driver to join this band. Ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Steven Soles. All right, he plays his heart out doesn't he? All right, on the tenor saxophone a man who used to play with Duane Eddy. Anybody here remember Duane Eddy? All right, he used to play with Duane Eddy and on many of Phil Spectorĺs greatest records. Ladies and gentlemen, the phenomenal Steve Douglas. All right, on the backup vocals tonight Jo Ann Harris, Helena Springs and, right here from Kansas City, my fiancÚe Carolyn Dennis. All right, on the conga drums, from Detroit, the most amazing Miss Bobbye Hall. All right, that about does it up here. We're gonna head out pretty soon. I hope we played a few things right tonight. 

(before Forever Young) Thank you we're gonna head out now. It's a pleasure being here. I hope we can come back real soon. This is a song I wrote for one of my babies, when he was a baby and he's not here, but I wanna play it anyway. 