Bob Dylan
National Exhibition Centre, Int. Arena
Birmingham, England
7/4/1981

SOURCE: Taper Unidentified
LINEAGE: Reel To Reel > DAT > CD-R(Audio Catalyst)wav>(flacfrontend)flac8. 

I can not say with absolute certainty that this is sourced from the same aud. recording as 
LB-350. What I can say tell you is this (unlike the LB-350) does not contain the opening 
numbers by the backup singers. The sound is excellent and I am thinking it probably is 
from the same source recording but I do not have a copy of LB-350 here to do a comparison. 
I will include mp3 samples below to help those who already have LB-350 to decide
if they want to as well download this one.

Disc One (68:41):

1. Saved (Dylan/Drummond)
2. I Believe In You 
3. Like A Rolling Stone 
4. Regina Havis (vocal): Till I Get It Right (R Lane/L Henley) 
5. Man Gave Names To All The Animals
6. Maggie's Farm 
7. Simple Twist Of Fate
8. Girl Of The North Country 
9. Ballad Of A Thin Man 
10. Dead Man, Dead Man 
11. Forever Young
12. Slow Train 
13. Carolyn Dennis: Walk Around Heaven All Day (Rev J Cleveland/C George)
14. Lenny Bruce
15. All Along The Watchtower

Disc Two (64:85):

1. What Can I Do For You ?
2. Mr. Tambourine Man
3. Solid Rock
4. Just Like A Woman
5. Heart Of Mine (Bob Dylan: organ)
6. Barbara Allen (Trad)
7. Masters Of War 
8. When You Gonna Wake Up ? 
9. In The Summertime
10. In The Garden
11. Blowin' In The Wind 
12. Don't Think Twice, It's All Right (Bob Dylan solo: vocal & guitar)
13. Knockin' On Heaven's Door

BobTalk

Thank you. I hope you can hear us. This is Regina McCreary. She's from Nashville, Tennessee. 
Sheĺs gonna sing a song called, what? Keep On Falling In Love Till I Get It Right.

Thank you, this is another what you call animal song. I'm gonna record a whole album pretty 
soon of animal songs. (before Maggie's Farm)

This is a new song off our new record called Dead Man, Dead Man When Will You Arise. 
This is a song about myself. I was walking right down the road about ten or twelve years 
ago now. I just recall I wrote this song while looking into the mirror. Dead Man, Dead Man
When Will You Arise.

Thank you. Thank you, that was Slow Train Coming. I wanna introduce a young lady to you 
right now who's been with me for about four or five years. Miss Carolyn Dennis. She was here 
with me last time, this time she's gonna sing a song called Walking Around Heaven All Day. 
Carolyn Dennis.

Thank you. That was a song that's just been released. This is an old song that I used to sing
a long time ago. I think it's an old folk ballad of some kind. Scottish ballad or 
English ballad. One of those ballads. See if I can do it like I used to do it. 
(before Barbara Allen)

Thank you for coming down here tonight. I wanna introduce the lady on my left one more time,
Miss Carolyn Dennis. Standing next to her is Madelyn Quebec. Standing next to her is Regina 
McCreary. Standing next to her is Clydie King. On the keyboards tonight, give him a big hand 
ladies and gentlemen, he deserves it, Willie Smith. Like you did before. Standing next to him 
on guitar ,Fred Tackett. Next to him, Steve Ripley. I know the Devilĺs confused tonight. 
Anyway, on my left on the bass guitar from Cincinnati, Ohio. A real warm bass guitar player 
in the world, last and left, Tim Drummond. On the drums, a man who's played with me in spirit 
forever really, Jim Keltner. Oh, weĺve gonna have to get out now. I hope we can come back 
again next year. I know we'll be here tomorrow night. Then we'll be back sometime again soon 
to. Goodnight. (at the end of In The Garden)

Concert # 9 of The Europe Summer Tour 1981. 1981 concert #13.

Note. This show was recorded by Dylanĺs crew.

6 new songs (22%) compared to previous concert. 1 new song for this tour.


Bob Dylan
National Exhibition Centre, Int. Arena
Birmingham, England
7/5/1981

SOURCE: Taper Unidentified
LINEAGE: Reel To Reel > DAT > CD-R(Audio Catalyst)wav>(flacfrontend)flac8. 

I can not say with absolute certainty that this is sourced from the same aud. recording as 
LB-340. What I can say tell you is this (unlike the LB-340) does not contain the opening 
numbers by the backup singers. The sound is excellent and I am thinking it probably is 
from the same source recording but I do not have a copy of LB-340 here to do a comparison. 
I will include mp3 samples below to help those who already have LB-340 to decide
if they want to as well download this one.

Jefferson torrented one on 5/05 billed as SOURCE: "off master" (aud) recording which like 
this one does not include the girls' songs. I do not have a copy of the one Jefferson 
torrented to make a comparison.

Disc One (64:73):

1. Gotta Serve Somebody
2. I Believe In You 
3. Like A Rolling Stone 
4. Regina Havis (vocal): Till I Get It Right (R Lane/L Henley) 
5. Man Gave Names To All The Animals
6. Maggie's Farm 
7. Girl Of The North Country
8. Ballad Of A Thin Man 
9. Simple Twist Of Fate
10. Watered-Down Love 
11. Slow Train
(Not included on this recording) Carolyn Dennis: Walk Around Heaven All Day                                                (Rev. James Cleveland/Cassietta George)
12. Lenny Bruce                                  (Rev. James Cleveland/Cassietta George)
13. Mr. Tambourine Man
14. Solid Rock

Disc Two (48:46):

1. Just Like A Woman
2. Heart Of Mine (Bob Dylan: organ)
3. What Can I Do For You ?
4. Masters Of War
5. When You Gonna Wake Up ? 
6. In The Garden
7. City Of Gold
8. It Ain't Me, Babe (Bob Dylan solo: vocal & guitar)
9. Knockin' On Heaven's Door

BobTalk

Thank you. Like A Rolling Stone. I wanna introduce Regina McCreary, a young girl I met in
Nashville, Tennessee a bunch of years back. She's gonna sing a song for you called 
Keep On Falling In Love Until I Get It Right.

Thank you. Man Gave Names To All The Animals. You wanna know why he did it.

Thank you. You people are too kind. Right now, we get it, sometimes it's too slow, 
sometimes it's too fast. But I'm gonna try to get this one just right in the middle. 
(before Solid Rock)

Thank you ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for coming here now. On the left over there I 
wanna introduce to you one more time, Carolyn Dennis. Standing next to her, Madelyn Quebec. 
Regina McCreary, Clydie King. On the keyboards tonight, from ..., I think he's from 
Portsmouth, Virginia, ladies and gentlemen Willie T Smith. Booker T Smith, I'm sorry. 
On the guitar, Fred Tackett, Fred Tackett. On the other guitar, Steve Ripley. On the drums, 
give him a hand, from Tulsa, Oklahoma, Jim Keltner. On the bass guitar, the last of the 
best, Mr. Tim Drummond. Actually we got a band of the last of the best, and the best of 
the last. I wanna thank you for bearing with me tonight. I hope to see you when we come 
back sometime. I sure hope we can do that. (at the end of In The Garden)

Concert # 10 of The Europe Summer Tour 1981. 1981 concert #14.

Note. This show was recorded by Dylanĺs crew.

4 new songs (17%) compared to previous concert. 2 new songs for this tour.

Thanks to Lossless Bob and Olof!
ENJOY!
Charlespoet

1981 and Bob Dylan sounds hungry. To me it's otherworldly to begin a concert with Saved
immediately following it with I Believe In You and Like A Rolling Stone. It's a true 
celebration of not only a man's genius-legacy but as well to the human Spirit burning as 
bright as a guiding light in each and everyone of us and in Dylan's case perhaps even a bit 
brighter. I believe it's just one more testament to how powerful a communicator this man 
can be as he stands on this or that world stage telling us how man gave names to all the 
animals in the beginning, long time ago. Yes in the beginning when Like A Rolling Stone 
blasted out of your speakers like rattlesnake venom. I am absolutely in awe at how he 
immerses himself in this or that stage of development be it Woody Guthrie or Jesus Christ 
leading the charge and how like any and all true visionaries brings all these differing 
facets together to create something never quite experienced like this before. I believe that 
is precisely what was happening during the 2005 shows in British Colombia and was also 
happening here in Birmingham, England in 1981. Hungry, restless and in need of a bed the man 
still on the road headin' for another joint continues his chosen work like a complete unknown 
like a rolling stone.



