Bob Dylan and his band
Bakersfield, California
April 5, 2006

This audio is from a DVD meaning that it is thinner sounding than the M&A and Soomlos 
recordings we are becoming thankfully spoiled by BUT that does not mean it isn't
good because actually though it sounds different than the rich and full sounding field recordings
that have been circulating it is in its own right a very nice recording of an extremely 
Spirited performance by Bob and his band! Plus with Bakersfield being the one show from earlier
in the tour still not circulating when I heard of there being a DVD of it I immediately 
contacted the person and asked if they could please send me a copy. I do not know how to post
a DVD plus for the most part it is shot from a distance - for some reason the camera person only
zoomed in a couple of times and those times are very brief - the artwork I have done for 
the covers is actually captured from the DVD but trust me closeups like these are not the norm.
Plus I figure at some point the DVD will get circulated by someone and I figured the audio
would be appreciated for the time being as I'm sure there are people who were present at this
concert who would like to experience it again. I did no remastering at all - I just played the
DVD and recorded it as a wave file in Sound Forge Six and then I cut it into tracks and
converted it into flacs with FLAC Frontend. Again you are being warned the sound isn't as
warm as you may be use to but it isn't bad by any means. Special thanks to the perosn who sent 
me this DVD and thanks to Bob and his band for providing us with such awesome live music!!!!

Disc One

1. Maggie's Farm
2. She Belongs To Me
3. Lonesome Day Blues
4. Queen Jane
5. Till I Fell In Love With You
6. It's Alright Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)
7. Shooting Star
8. Highway 61 Revisited
9. Tears of Rage (cut at start)
10. Honest With Me
11. Girl From The North Country

Disc Two

1. High-Water (for Charley Patton)
2. Just Like A Woman
3. Audience
4. Summer days
5. Like A Rolling Stone
6. Band Intros
7. All Along the Watchtower

ENJOY! Charlespoet

Artwork Included!