The following information was copied and pasted directly from https://www.boblinks.com/041625s.html
Kalamazoo, Michigan
Western Michigan State University
James W. Miller Auditorium
April 16, 2025
1. I'll Be Your Baby Tonight (Bob on baby grand piano then guitar)
2. It Ain't Me, Babe (Bob on guitar then baby grand piano, Doug on acoustic guitar)
3. I Contain Multitudes (Bob on baby grand piano, Doug on acoustic guitar)
4. False Prophet (Bob on baby grand piano, Doug on acoustic guitar)
5. When I Paint My Masterpiece (Bob on baby grand piano and harp,
Doug on acoustic guitar, Tony on standup bass)
6. Black Rider (Bob on baby grand piano, Doug on acoustic guitar, Tony on standup bass)
7. My Own Version Of You (Bob on baby grand piano, Doug on acoustic guitar,
Tony on standup bass)
8. To Be Alone With You (Bob on baby grand piano, Bob Britt on acoustic guitar,
Tony on standup bass)
9. Crossing the Rubicon (Bob on baby grand piano,
Tony on standup bass)
10. Desolation Row (Bob on on baby grand piano, Tony on standup bass)
11. Key West (Philosopher Pirate) (Bob on baby grand piano,
Tony on standup bass)
12. Watching the River Flow (Bob on baby grand piano and harp,
Doug on acoustic guitar)
13. It's All Over Now, Baby Blue (Bob on baby grand piano and harp,
Doug on acoutic guitar, Tony on standup bass)
14. I've Made Up My Mind To Give Myself To You
(Bob on baby grand piano, Doug on acoustic guitar, Tony on standup bass)
15. Mother of Muses (Bob on baby grand piano, Doug on acoustic guitar,
Tony on standup bass)
16. Goodbye Jimmy Reed (Bob on baby grand piano, Doug on acoustic guitar,
Tony on standup bass)
Bob introduced the band
17. Every Grain of Sand (Bob on baby grand piano and harp)
Band Members
Bob Dylan - guitar, baby grand piano, harp
Tony Garnier - electric and standup bass
Anton Fig - drums
Bob Britt - acoustic guitar, electric guitar
Doug Lancio - acoustic guitar, electric guitar

This concert was recorded by me with a Tascam DR-05X portable digital recorder. I used "Audacity" to change the big, long WAV file into individual FLAC files and I used "Trader's Little Helper" to make it into a torrent. How I fucked up this time was by using an SD card that was too small. Therefore this cuts off abruptly during "Goodbye Jimmy Reed," and "Every Grain of Sand" was not captured. I will buy a higher capacity SD card before attempting to record any more concerts. "It's always something," as that nice stupid lady on television used to say. Hopefully somebody who knows what they're doing also attended this show.