Information from:

Olof Björner's
Bob Dylan
Yearly Chronicles

The Olympia
Detroit, Michigan
13 October 1978
  
     Disk 1     69:48.37

 1.  My Back Pages  (Missing)
 2.  I’m Ready (Willie Dixon)  
 3.  Is Your Love In Vain?  
 4.  Shelter From The Storm  
 5.  It's All Over Now, Baby Blue  
 6.  Tangled Up In Blue  
 7.  Ballad Of A Thin Man  
 8.  Maggie's Farm  
 9.  I Don’t Believe You (She Acts Like We Never Have Met)  
10.  Like A Rolling Stone  
11.  I Shall Be Released  
12.  Going, Going, Gone  
13.  One Of Us Must Know (Sooner Or Later)  
14.  It Ain't Me, Babe 
15.  Am I Your Stepchild?

     Disk 2     66:19.07
 
16.  One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below)  
17.  Blowin' In The Wind  
18.  Girl From The North Country  
19.  Where Are You Tonight? (Journey Through Dark Heat)  
20.  Masters Of War  
21.  Just Like A Woman  
22.  To Ramona  
23.  All Along The Watchtower  
24.  All I Really Want To Do 
     7 secs. of band introductions 
25.  It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)  
26.  Forever Young       
27.  Changing Of The Guards
  

Concert # 20 of the 1978 US Fall Tour. 1978 concert # 69.
Concert # 46 with the 1978 World Tour Band: 
Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar), 
Billy Cross (lead guitar), 
Alan Pasqua (keyboards), 
Steven Soles (rhythm guitar, backup vocals), 
David Mansfield (violin & mandolin), 
Steve Douglas (horns), 
Jerry Scheff (bass), 
Bobbye Hall (percussion), 
Ian Wallace (drums), 
Helena Springs, Jo Ann Harris, Carolyn Dennis (background vocals).


1 instrumental without Bob Dylan.
5, 15, 21 Bob Dylan (harmonica).
14 Bob Dylan solo (vocal, harmonica & guitar).

BobTalk

Thank you. This is a ballad I wrote a few years back, a love ballad about three people in love. (before Tangled Up In Blue)

Thank you, we'll take a short break here. We'll be right back. This is a song I recorded a few years back with The Band. Remember The Band? This is off our album called Planet Waves. Sold 3 copies. So, we'll see you in a while. (before Going, Going, Gone)

Thank you. This is a new song I wrote, called Am I Your Stepchild.

Thank you. That was Masters Of War, that was Billy Cross on lead guitar.

Thank you. On the drums tonight, please give him a warm hand, from Kingston, Jamaica, Ian Wallace. All right, on the bass guitar, Mr. Jerry Scheff. On the keyboards, Alan Pasqua. The one and only Alan Pasqua. On the lead electric guitar, the very dangerous, Mr. Billy Cross. He's the oldest member of this group. On the rhythm guitar, the man who doesn't speak a word of English. Ladies and gentlemen, from Tombstone, Arizona, Mr. Steve Soles. On the mandolin and the violin. The youngest member of this group, he's fifteen years old. Been with me five years. Doesn't smoke dope, drink whiskey, or go out with women. He's pure musician, David Mansfield. On the tenor saxophone, the phenomenal Steve Douglas. On the backup vocals tonight. On the left, my cousin, Jo Ann Harris. On the other side, my current girlfriend, Carolyn Dennis. And in the middle, my ex-girlfriend, Helena Springs. On the conga drums, from Detroit, the amazing Miss Bobbye Hall. All right, this is called, It's alright Ma, I'm Only Bleeding.

Thank you. We're gonna get out now. Anyway, we'll see you next time. This song I also recorded with The Band. I wrote it a few years back for one of my babies. (before Forever Young)

No LB# for this date. Cedar type fingerprint D1T1 the taper or someone next to him says "Bobby, Bobby" at the 3 sec. mark. 

Trade CD > EAC > FLAC > HD > Hungercity > You