Bob Dylan: Folksinger's Choice 
source: Cynthia Gooding Radio Show, NY March 11, 1962 
Manufacturer: Yellow Dog 
Catalog No. Yellow Dog 017 
Released:1992

commercial bootleg>unclekurty's wallet>eac>wav>shn 
--------------------------------------------------
Tracks:  
1  Lonesome Whistle Blues
2  conversation 
3  Fixin' To Die
4  conversation  
5  Smokestack Lightning
6  conversation  
7  Hard Travelin'
8  conversation  
9  Death Of Emmett Till
10 conversation  
11 Standing On The Highway
12 conversation  
13 Roll On John (Misidentified as "Long John")
14 conversation  
15 Stealin' 
16 conversation 
17 Long Time Man Feel Bad
18 conversation  
19 Baby Please Don't Go
20 conversation  
21 Hard Times In New York 

---------------------------------------------------
 
Reviews from the net: 
"This is a true not-to-be-missed gem. It belongs in every Bob Dylan 
fan's collection. The date shown is from the back cover, though 
this is most likely a re-broadcast date. The actual radio show could 
have been as early as February. History is a bit fuzzy here. This 
long lost radio show is in perfect quality. It is complete with 
wonderful live-on-the-spot renditions of the above traditional and 
Dylan songs, as well as fascinating conversation with a young, as 
yet undiscovered talent. Bob relates, hilariously, the eponymous 
title of his soon to be released first LP, and so much more. There 
is conversation in-between each song that is priceless. All in all, 
one of the best boots ever to emerge." 

"This is essential listening. Those who criticize this as being poor 
singing, poor song selection/interpretation (or whatever) completely 
miss the historical significance. In the science of evolution, we are 
always looking for that "missing link." Well, in the evolution of 
Bob Dylan, this is one of the precious early stages in his evolution 
that has been captured, or fossilized, for all time. Cynthia Gooding, 
who obviously has a great time teasing Dylan and egging him on into 
telling tall tales, is clearly impressed with this huge talent. It is 
clear that Dylan, at the tender age of 20, has already soaked up so 
many influences and has reinterpreted them in a unique way. No wonder 
his comtemporaries, who failed to develop their personal and 
distinctive voices, were jealous of Dylan. The former were analogous 
to fundamentalist creationists ("this is the way these songs were 
written, and that is the way they must forever be sung, damn it!") 
while Dylan was a consumate evolutionist. Compare this interview with 
the one he did later with Studs Terkel to see how much he evolved in 
only about 2 years! "Folksingers Choice" and "Studs Terkel's Wax Museum" 
are absolutely essential listening."
---------------------------
unclekurty@unclekurty.com
 