Bob Dylan and Joni Mitchell Live at the Alexander Memorial Coliseum, Atlanta, GA 1998-11-07 + Joni Mitchell at Amnesty International Concert
1986-06-15


You know, I really do think the Atlanta show is from the master. It was bought from ebay on a 2cdr set at a time when it was OK to do so, directly from the guy who did it. Makes you wish for that time all over again, doesn't it? 

For some odd reason, Joni opened up for Bob this particular night. If memory serves me correctly, this should be Dylan's tour with Tom Petty. Maybe it was a one-off, I don't know. They DON'T appear to be playing together at the same time, but hey, if you know better, please let me know. 

Track listings are directly from the CD's. If you have corrections, please supply them.

Disk 1

Gotta Serve Somebody
I'll Remember You
Memphis Blues
Blind Willie McTell
Can't Wait
Stone Walls/Steel Bars
Mr. Tambourine Man
Masters of War
Tangled Up In Blue
Make You Feel My Love
Till I Fell In Love With You

Disk 2

Love Sick
Leopard Skin Pillbox Hat
Blowin' In The Wind
Highway 61 Revisited
It Ain't Me Babe
Joni:
Free Man in Paris
Amelia
Face Lift
Sex Kills
Magdalene Laundries
Woodstock
Both Sides Now

As filler, I have included Joni's appearance at the Amnesty International Concert in 1986. This was in front of a hostile audience, who should have known better than to behave in the manner which they did. The set for this night was completely different:


01 - The Three Great Stimulants
02 - "I'm Not That Bad, You Dig?"/ Number One
03 - Hejira
04 - Interview

The Atlanta show is one of the later concerts in Joni Mitchell's career. She was soon to retire from performing. I am truly sorry I never had the chance to see her, other than in films and other people's recordings.

Lineage: 
Atlanta: Boot CDr's -> shn
Amnesty: VHS Hi-Fi stereo audio track, taken directly from cable broadcast of show.

As with many other torrents, I can upload only about 17K, and I have never posted this material anywhere before.

A DoinkerTape 