The Tracks in detail (my personal observations)
- for a fuller description of the Infidels tapes see my 'Sun Down Yello Moon' article (ISIS #113).

Angel Flying too Close to the Ground (3 variations)

There only seems to be one take in three different mixes, since Clydie King’s vocals and mistakes are the same in each version. One version begins with ‘All right lets go. 1 Sly 2’, the other unreleased one has an unintelligible intro (it could be ‘..ly 2’). Clydie can be heard more clearly on this mix. There is a slight sound drop-out at 2:21.The official single has no ‘count in’ and is a much narrower stereo mix (compressed to be almost mono).

Blind Willie McTell (two takes)

There is an electric version, where the full backing comes in after about a minute, and another take referred to as the acoustic version. The acoustic version was eventually released on The Bootleg Series.

Clean Cut Kid

This is simply an early version of the song that would be re-recorded and released on Empire Burlesque
 
Dark Groove 

This is an instrumental. It sounds a little different between Rough Cuts and the ‘Mystery Tape’, but I assume these are just differences introduced by the mastering processes.
(both variations are included here).

Death is Not the End (2 variations)

There is only one take, but one has the ‘full force’ vocals dubbed on by adding ‘no..no..no’. The over-dubbed version was officially released on Down in the Groove. There is a considerable difference in the mix in that the stereo is much wider in the one without the ‘full force’ vocals.

Don't Fall Apart On Me Tonight (5 variations)

There are two takes of this song that can be identified by the 4th line. On the official version the line is ‘Do you think we can talk about it some more?’ whereas on the alternate take it is ‘Maybe we can just talk about it some more?’ The official take is available in two other mixes (the ‘work take’ and the mono reduction). The alternate take surfaced among the first outtakes and is in stereo, whereas the same take that came with the third outtakes is mono.  On the first outtakes it is preceded with a ‘1-2-3’ but this cannot be heard on Rough Cuts.

Don’t Fly Unless it’s safe

This is another instrumental with almost a harpsichord sound. It sounds a little different between Rough Cuts and the ‘Mystery Tape’, but I assume these are just differences introduced by the mastering processes.(both variations are included here).

Foot of Pride (2 variations)

The mix is a little different between the versions here. The unreleased version has (‘1-2, 1-2-3’) before the song begins and the stereo is a little wider than the one that was eventually released on The Bootleg Series.


I and I (5 variations)

This one has two takes or rather the same vocal take with different backing. There is a minor lyric variation that helps identify these versions: ‘they’re waiting for spring to come, or for something to crack’ is overdubbed to ‘they’re waiting for spring to come, smoking down the track’. The version with the ‘crack’ lyric starts with some obvious echo on Knopfler’s opening guitar notes. The ‘crack’ version is on three different tapes and the mixes are slightly different as well. There is a mostly inaudible introduction on the second infidels outtakes tape (on Rough Cuts). The other variations occur through the different mixes of the ‘work tape’ and the mono reduction of the ‘work tape’. 

Jokerman (5 variations)

There are two takes of Jokerman. One lyric difference is ‘No store bought shirt for you on your back, one of the women must sit in the shack and sew one’ instead of ‘fools rush in, where angels fear to tread, both of their futures, so full of dread, you don’t show one’. The mix of the version on the first infidels outtakes is slightly different and better quality than the one on the third infidels outtakes. The other variations occur through the different mixes of the ‘work tape’ and the mono reduction of the ‘work tape’. 

Julius and Ethel (2 variations)

The main difference here is that the mono version has no audible lead guitar. I’m not sure that this is a mixing variation or just a consequence of the mono reduction process. There is a nice, tight guitar piece that occurs at about a minute into the track that is too faint to hear on the mono version. Additionally, there is a ‘1-2-3’ on the mono version.

License to Kill (5 variations)

All the variations for this one are in the mix. The mix of the version on the first infidels outtakes is slightly different and better quality than the one on the third infidels outtakes. The other variations occur through the different mixes of the ‘work tape’ and the mono reduction of the ‘work tape’. 


Lord Protect my Child (2 variations)

There is only one take of this song with two different mixes. The official version has quite a dominant piano in the mix. The unreleased one has an intro (‘Take 4. Let’s do it that way. Ready? 1, 2 go ahead Alan 3, 4’).

Man of Peace (5 variations)

The most noticeable aspect of these variations is the lack of the second guitar on the unfinished versions. A second guitar can be heard at around 1:40. The unfinished versions also have an intro (1-2, 1-2-3). The mix of the version on the first infidels outtakes is slightly different and better quality than the one on the third infidels outtakes. The other variations occur through the different mixes of the ‘work tape’ and the mono reduction of the ‘work tape’. 

Neighbourhood Bully (4 variations)

To my ears, the differences here are slight. The official release has the most noticeable drums mixed to the fore. The ‘work tape’ and the mono reduction have the most noticeable cymbals, and the ‘Mystery tape’ version has a more audible piano, and is a wider mix. This ‘Mystery Tape’ version is supposed to have some harmonica at the end (see Telegraph #44) but I cannot hear it.

Someone’s got a hold of my Heart (two takes)

This song is the forerunner of Tight Connection to my Heart that would be released on Empire Burlesque. There are two different takes with different lyrics. One obvious difference is ‘powder blue wig’ on the official version compared to ‘flaming red wig’ on the unreleased one.

Sweetheart Like You (5 variations)

There are around 50 takes of Sweetheart Like You, but here I will only look at the versions that have emerged outside the Sweetheart session tapes.  The first one is the one with the ‘he gone up north to the lighthouse beyond the bend’ on the first infidels outtakes, then there is ‘the very last thing he said was 'see you later' lyric from the third infidels outtakes and finally there is the official release (together with the ‘work tape’ and the mono reduction of the work tape mixing variations).

Tell Me (two takes)

These two versions are quite distinct as the officially released one has the ‘full force’ vocals.  The unreleased version emerged on two separate tapes (the second infidels outtakes and the third infidels outtakes).

This Was my Love (Jim Harbert) (two takes)

This is also available in two takes. One take is preceded with ‘What? Another one? Same Key? What’s the capitol of..). These two takes have appeared on four different tapes (the first Sweetheart Rehearsals, the third infidels outtakes, the fourth infidels outtakes and the clock tape). Some of these are possibly different mixes, but it is very difficult to tell.

Union Sundown (5 variations)

There are three takes of this song. Luckily they are easy to tell apart. The first one has totally different words (‘my shirt is from Taiwan’) and appeared on the second infidels outtakes. It also has a false start. The second has Dylan singing just a ‘guide vocal’ for the verses and really only singing words for the choruses. The other take is the official take and of course this one also has mix differences for the ‘work tape’ and the mono reduction of the work tape. The Telegraph #49 (summer 1994) also mentioned that the ‘released take was available as a rough mix which includes an extra verse, placed fourth, referring to 'drug dealers'. They make it quite clear that they are not referring to the other take that mentions 'drug dealers' from the second infidels outtakes. I’ve never come across this version of the released take.


The Sweetheart Rehearsals Tapes
The first tape consists of 'When the Night Comes Falling From the Sky' (as on the Bootleg Series) - not an Infidels cut so omitted here, then 'This Was my Love' and then approximately 10 takes of Sweetheart..
Sweetheart V1-2
Sweetheart (frag)
Sweetheart V1-7 
Sweetheart inst
Sweetheart V1-5
Sweetheart V1-7
Sweetheart inst frag
Sweetheart inst frag
Sweetheart instrumental
Sweetheart V1-6 (cut)

The Second Sweetheart is included in the Fourth Infidels tape and also consists of some non-infidels session songs. It starts with the two takes of 'This Was my Love', then has 'Julius & Ethel', two takes of 'Straight A's in Love' then has 'When the Night Comes Falling From the Sky'. This tape is all mono, and the non-infidels tracks have been omitted. 

This tape has the same 10 tracks that are on the first tape (but are in mono) then it has approximately 5 additional takes: 
Sweetheart (continuation of the above cut track)
Sweetheart V1
Sweetheart frag 
Sweetheart frag
Sweetheart V1-7

The third Sweetheart tape is a totally different recording (a mic in front of a speaker) so in a sense is an 'audience' recording.
This tape starts with some 10 mins of instrumental doodlings of 'Oh Susanna' and then has approximately 31 new takes (many of which are just fragments) before it matches the other tapes. It then includes roughly a half of the first Sweetheart tape, but at the very end it has a further track that is not on the other two tapes. I imagine the engineer was fast fowarding to various palces on the tape to get this result. 

I decided not to track mark these rehearsal tapes. I re-mastered the three Sweetheart tracks from my own tapes rather than use the incomplete and mixed-up versions on Rough Cuts, Bob Dylan & Mark Knopfler - the Complete Sessions and 'Surviving in the Ruthless World' 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Infidels sources consulted / used:

Infidels Pre-release tape (the Work tape)
Infidels Official release
1st Infidels out-takes tape
2nd Infidels out-takes tape
B-side of single (Angel)
1st Sweetheart Session tape
Official releases (Down in the Groove, The Bootleg Series 1-3)
The Mystery Tape
3rd Infidels out-takes tape
3rd Infidels out-takes tape (extended version)
4th Infidels out-takes tape (includes the 2nd Sweetheart tape)
The Clock Tape (3rd Sweetheart tape)
Infidels Work tape (mono)
-------------
Outfidels LP (poor version of 1st Infidels o/ts)
Friend to the Martyr (Outfidels) CD (2nd Infidels o/ts)
Rough Cuts 2CD (3rd infidels o/ts)
Bob Dylan & Mark Knopfler (the complete sessions) 3CDR (no clock or work tapes included)
Surviving in the Ruthless World (4CDR) (no stereo work tape or second Sweetheart tape)

