Bob Dylan w/ Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers
Gymnasium
Nagoya, Japan
8 March 1986

Improved Air Remaster 051 [IA051]
Olaf Bjorner recommended show. 
LB-1589

Source/Lineage: stereo aud>?>IAR remaster>?>flac

Please note: On Disk Two track 4 contains both Tom Thumb & I and I.

DISK ONE
01. 	Justine (Don Harris/Dewey Terry)
02.	Positively 4th Street
03.	Clean Cut Kid
04.	I'll Remember You
05.	Trust Yourself
06.	That Lucky Old Sun (Haven Gillespie/Beasley Smith)
07.	Masters Of War
08. 	It Ain't Me, Babe
09. 	To Ramona
10. 	It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)
11.	I Forgot More Than You'll Ever Know (Cecil A. Null)
12.	Just Like A Woman
13.	I'm Moving On (Hank Snow)
14.	(Talk)
15.	Lenny Bruce
16.	When The Night Comes Falling From The Sky
17.	Lonesome Town (Baker Knight)
18.	(Talk)
19.	Ballad Of A Thin Man

DISK TWO
01.	Rainy Day Women # 12 & 35
02.	Seeing The Real You At Last
03.	Across The Borderline (Ry Cooder/John Hiatt/Jim Dickinson)
04.	Just Like Tom Thumb's Blues / I and I
05.	(Band Intro)
06.	Like A Rolling Stone
07.	(Talk)
08.	In The Garden
09.	Blowin' In The Wind
10.	Uranium Rock (Warren Smith)
11.	(Talk)
12.	Sukiyaki (Rohusuke Ei/Hachidai Nakamura)
13.	Knockin' On Heaven's Door

Concert #18 of the 1986 True Confessions Far East Tour. Concert #18 with Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers. 1986 concert #18.

Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar) with Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers:
Tom Petty (guitar), Mike Campbell (guitar), Benmont Tench (keyboards), Howie Epstein (bass), Stan Lynch (drums) and The Queens Of Rhythm: Debra Byrd, Queen Esther Marrow, Madelyn Quebec, Elisecia Wright (backing vocals).

Note. The vocals to "Sukiyaki" are only hummed.

BobTalk
Thank you. That was a recent hit of mine. Sold about three records ha-ha-ha. Here's one, ha-ha, here’s one a little older. (after That Lucky Old Sun)

All right, I wanna take a little break here. I wanna introduce you to one of America's finest rock ‘n’ roll bands, certainly one of my favorites, Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers. (after Masters Of War)

Thank you. All right, here's a song about recognition. Or lack of recognition. Tennessee Williams, it was he who said "I don't ask for your pity, just your understanding. Not even that, but just your recognition of me in you. At times the enemy in us all." Anyway, Tennessee Williams, he got a pretty drastic life too. He kind of died all by himself in a New York City Hotel room. Without a friend in the world. Another man died like that, except Tennessee Williams did have some success. This man didn't have too much success, but he started a lot of people off. People who came, picked up on what he did and  took it someplace else and made a lot of money and became very successful. And he died in a lonely grave. (before Lenny Bruce)

Thank you. All right, that was for Hugh McGhee wherever you are. This is a song I wrote a while back in response to people who ask me questions all the time. You just get tired of that every once in a while. You just don't want to answer no more questions. I figure a person’s life speaks for itself, right? So, every once in a while you got to do this kind of thing, you got to put somebody in their place. Where I come from, there’s a lot of people who aren’t exactly in their place they should be, so every once in a while somebody has got to come and put them in their place. I don't know whether it's like that over here or not. I hope it's not. But this is a song .... It's not a bad thing to be put in your place, I didn't say that. It's actually a good thing. It's been done to me every once in a while and I've always appreciated it. So this is my response to something that happened over in England. I think it was about '63, '64. Anyway the song still holds up. Seems to be people around still like that. So I still sing it. It's called Ballad Of A Thin Man.

Thank you. Domo, domo, domo, I love that word, ha-ha . All right then once again now give them a warm hand. Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers. (after Ballad Of A Thin Man)

Thank you. Ha-ha. Everybody must get stoned. Of course that can be taken two ways. This here next song, this can be taken only one way. I'll play it for you if I can get my guitar into tune. Oh! it just came on! (before Seeing The Real You At Last)

Thank you. I wanna thank Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers for backing me up tonight. On the keyboards, give him a warm hand, Benmont Tench. On the drums, Stan Lynch. On the bass guitar, Howie Epstein. On lead guitar, Michael Campbell. I especially want to thank Mr. Tom Petty himself. And of course I never go anywhere without my singing partners over there. They go by all kinds of names. But they go everywhere with me. And they hold me up in more ways than one. I wanna thank them too. Thank you girls. (before Like A Rolling Stone)

Thank you. We're gonna play this song here as the last song of the night. This is about my hero. Everybody's got a hero. This song’s about my hero. (before In The Garden)

Thank you. We're gonna play this song here. This was a popular song when we were was growing up. Always meant a great deal. So, we don't know exactly all the words but maybe you do. If you know them, you sing them. (before Sukiyaki)