Bob Dylan
Entertainment Center
Perth, West Australia, Australia
25 March 1978

Musicians: Bob Dylan (vocal, guitar & harmonica), Billy Cross (lead guitar), Alan Pasqua (keyboards), Steven Soles (rhythm guitar, backup vocals), David Mansfield (violin & mandolin), Steve Douglas (horns), Rob Stoner (bass), Bobbye Hall (percussion), Ian Wallace (drums), Helena Springs, Jo Ann Harris, Debbie Dye (background vocals).

t01: cut at start
t01 [1:41] gap in recording
t09 [3:06] speed flux
t10 [0:22 & 2:51] speed flux
t11: cut at start
t13 [3:13] speed flux

1. One Of Us Must Know (Sooner Or Later)
2. You're A Big Girl Now
3. One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below)
4. Blowin' In The Wind
5. I Want You
6. Don't Think Twice, It's All Right
7. Just Like A Woman
8. Oh, Sister (Bob DylanñJacques Levy/Bob Dylan)
9. To Ramona
10. All Along The Watchtower
11. The Man In Me
12. All I Really Want To Do
13. It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)
14. Forever Young
15. The Times They Are A-Changin'

BobTalk

(before One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below)). Thank you. That was called Bird On The Horizon [refering to You're A Big Girl Now]. This is one I wrote over a year, a few years ago. I can't remember, how this thing happened.

(before All Along The Watchtower) Thank you. All right. This song is called All Along The Watchtower. Dedicated to the late Jimi Hendrix.

(before It's Alright Ma, I'm Only Bleeding) Thank you. On the tenor saxophone tonight, former Beach Boy, Steve Douglas. On the drums, a man responsible for much of the punk rock you hear these days, from Kingston Jamaica, give him a warm round of applause, Ian Wallace. On the violin and the mandolin a young gentleman, really fast that's what he is, ask anybody, David Mansfield, give him a hand. Out of south eastern Texas we have kind of musical outlaw the man that's responsible for that sort of music in this group, from San Antonio, Texas, on rhythm guitar Mr. Steve Soles. On bass guitar, a man who's played with everybody from George
Benson to The Rolling Stones, Rob Stoner. On the keyboards, from the Bahamas, Alan Pasqua. Conga drums, from Detroit,
Bobbye Hall. On the lead guitar, I'm pleased to say Billy Cross. You all know him. He's been around for a long time. On the
background vocals tonight, three lovely young ladies, from Miami Beach, a young , the wife of an airline pilot, Miss Debbie
Dye. Then my cousin Jo Ann Harris. On the left my current girlfriend Miss Helena Springs. This is called It's Alright Ma, I'm
Only Bleeding,

(before Forever Young) Thank you. You've been a very appreciative audience, like playing in Chicago, before I left. We're gonna leave you all with this tune. Hope you feel all right.

(before The Times They Are A-Changin') Thank you. We'll play this song now. Been playing it for almost 20 years or more now.