Bob Dylan, 4/30/06, Birmingham, Alabama, Birmingham Jefferson Convention Complex, BJCC Arena, 2CDR

LB-3760, (56min+44min), charlespoet remaster of SoundPro SP-CMC4c; LB-3752; This is a FANTASTIC recording of an INCREDIBLE performance from Bob and his band!!! But as the, taper mentions in his notes there were some sound fluctuations (mostly at beginning and end of, tracks) plus track one is the first three songs. What I have done is NOT a remaster - I just, dealt as best I could with sound fluctuations plus when looking at the wave files in Sound Forge, I noticed that the levels were quite low so I raised the volume. With Maggie's for instance, getting the volume fluctuations perfectly ironed out would be impossible but I most definitely, made the volume fluctuations less of an issue/distraction. I also divided the first three songs, into separate tracks. Below is the taper's original text file. Of the shows currently, circulating I'd have to honestly say recording-wise and performance-wise this one ranks right, up at the top. THANKS TO BOB AND HIS BAND AND THE TAPER WHO DID A GREAT JOB OF CAPTURING QUITE, THE BAPTISM BY FIRE! I also have included some artwork that I did! ENJOY!!! - Charlespoet; bittorrent download 05/06; in comparison to original this one has higher levels and some of the volume fluctuations have been reduced; however  some flaws were added such as the drop at d1t8 7:39 ; also clipping was added at -3db such as at d1t3 5:20 on bob's vocal; also a new volume fluctuation was added going from d1t8 to d2t1; also it becomes hard to tell what are volume fluctuations introduced by the taper or from the PA such as starting on d2t2 6:2x  which was not upped on this remaster but was upped on LB-3761;  (did not listen to all of this)

Disc One, 1. Maggie's Farm (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on pedal steel), 2. She Belongs To Me - (5:40) (Bob on keyboard and harp, Stu on acoustic guitar, Donnie on pedal steel), 3. Tweedle Dee & Tweedle Dum (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on pedal steel) - (12:00), 4. Positively 4th Street (Bob on keyboard and harp, Stu on acoustic guitar, Donnie on pedal steel), 5. 'Til I Fell In Love With You (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on lap steel), 6. It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding) (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on violin, Tony on standup bass), 7. Just Like A Woman (Bob on keyboard and harp, Donnie on pedal steel), 8. Highway 61 Revisited (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on lap steel), Disc Two, 9. Visions Of Johanna (Bob on keyboard, Stu on acoustic guitar, Donnie on electric mandolin, Tony on standup bass), 10. Cold Irons Bound (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on lap steel), 11. Boots Of Spanish Leather (Bob on keyboard and harp, Stu on acoustic guitar, Donnie on violin, Tony on standup bass), 12. Summer Days (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on pedal steel, Tony on standup bass), (encore), 13. Like A Rolling Stone (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on pedal steel), 14. All Along The Watchtower (Bob on keyboard, Stu on acoustic guitar, Donnie on lap steel)

Please retain this info file and its LB number as a marker for this lossless set
and if you spread it please list it in the description to avoid others getting duplicates
