This is a FANTASTIC recording of an INCREDIBLE performance from Bob and his band!!! But as the
taper mentions in his notes there were some sound fluctuations (mostly at beginning and end of 
tracks) plus track one is the first three songs. What I have done is NOT a remaster - I just 
dealt as best I could with sound fluctuations plus when looking at the wave files in Sound Forge
I noticed that the levels were quite low so  I raised the volume. With Maggie's for instance 
getting the volume fluctuations perfectly ironed out would be impossible but I most definitely
made the volume fluctuations less of an issue/distraction. I also divided the first three songs
into separate tracks. Below is the taper's original text file. Of the shows currently
circulating I'd have to honestly say recording-wise and performance-wise this one ranks right
up at the top. THANKS TO BOB AND HIS BAND AND THE TAPER WHO DID A GREAT JOB OF CAPTURING QUITE
THE BAPTISM BY FIRE! I also have included some artwork that I did! ENJOY!!! - Charlespoet

Bob Dylan
Birmingham Jefferson Convention Complex
BJCC Arena
Birmingham, Alabama

April 30, 2006

Source: SoundPro SP-CMC4c > Soundpro Reactive Boost Box > Sony MZ-M100 > WAV > FLAC

Disc One
1. Maggie's Farm (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on pedal steel)
2. She Belongs To Me - (5:40) (Bob on keyboard and harp, Stu on acoustic guitar, 
   Donnie on pedal steel)
3. Tweedle Dee & Tweedle Dum (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on pedal steel) - (12:00)
4. Positively 4th Street (Bob on keyboard and harp, Stu on acoustic guitar, 
   Donnie on pedal steel)
5. 'Til I Fell In Love With You (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on lap steel)
6. It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding) (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on violin, 
   Tony on standup bass)
7. Just Like A Woman (Bob on keyboard and harp, Donnie on pedal steel)
8. Highway 61 Revisited (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on lap steel)

Disc Two
9. Visions Of Johanna (Bob on keyboard, Stu on acoustic guitar, Donnie on electric mandolin, 
   Tony on standup bass)
10. Cold Irons Bound (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on lap steel)
11. Boots Of Spanish Leather (Bob on keyboard and harp, Stu on acoustic guitar, 
    Donnie on violin, Tony on standup bass)
12. Summer Days (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on pedal steel, Tony on standup bass)
   (encore)
13. Like A Rolling Stone (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on pedal steel)
14. All Along The Watchtower (Bob on keyboard, Stu on acoustic guitar, Donnie on lap steel)

Notes/Flaws: FIRST SHOW RECORDED!!!! Track 1 is actually the first 3 songs, but I forgot to 
mark the tracks on my recorder. Some sound fluctuations mainly at the beginning and ending of
songs as I was trying to adjust the levels. Removed some of the crowd noise between tracks, 
but other than that no adjustments have been made to the recording. Overall I believe the 
sound quality to be very good. Maybe someone with some experience can retrack #1 and level 
out any fluctuations. I'll practice my mixing on this one, but thought I would let someone
with more experience work on it a little quicker.

Personnel:
Bob Dylan - keyboard, harp
Tony Garnier - bass
George Recile - drums
Stu Kimball - rhythm guitar
Denny Freeman - lead guitar
Donnie Herron - violin, electric mandolin, pedal steel, lap steel

This and Merl Haggard were the first shows I taped. Think I learned a few things so that 
B.B. King on Wednesday should come out very nice.

Enjoy & Share!

