Bob Dylan, 4/25/09, London, England, 2CDR

LB-7456, (76min+42min), Lineage, Edirol R-09 (24-bit/48 khz) with built-in microphone > PC > Goldwave (Converted to 16-bit/44.1 khz) > FLAC frontend (Level 8), ---, Important note:, If you already got an earlier upload, you wouldn't need this recording. It's a shame that I don't even like this recording quality at all. I can only give B- to C+. I was standing right in front of huge speakers. As always, I used the built-in microphone, however, the sound goes from clear to muddy and vice versa all the time because my recording device was in a very unstable position. Lots of noise can be heard here and there. I've had a cold for a few weeks, and you can hear me coughing sometimes. Yet, I just want to make a small contribution to the Bob Dylan fan community., Additional notes:, This was my 11th Bob Dylan show and the first show in the U.K. Also, it was first show in exactly four years since I saw the series of his concerts at Beacon Theatre in NY., I was asking for the ticket at several websites. I received no response, and thank god, I got a pretty good seat on the day of show; very left on the 2nd row. Expecting to form a long queue as I did in the U.S., I got to the venue at 8:30 a.m., but found no one. Instead, box officers told me to check back frequently later. Eventually, I got the ticket at 2 p.m., and later found out that people around me went online at about the same time. In the U.S., I went straight to the venue on the day, and there would be some tickets being released by Bob's management a few hours before the show all the time., I'm not writing further review as it is a negative one to some extent., You can hear the voice of a famous follower of Bob's in the first few seconds, by the way. Though, it would be hard for you to identify her., Some of my poor-quality photos are included. At least, you can figure out where I made this recording.; bittorrent download 04/09; cdr splits not specified;; (did not listen to all of this)

CD1
Tracklist, 0. Introduction, 1. Maggie's Farm, 2. The Times They Are A-Changin', 3. Things Have Changed, 4. Chimes Of Freedom, 5. Rollin' And Tumblin', 6. The Lonesome Death Of Hattie Carroll, 7. 'Til I Fell In Love With You, 8. Workingman's Blues #2, 9. Highway 61 Revisited, 10.The Ballad Of Hollis Brown, 11.Po' Boy, 12.Honest With Me, 

CD2
13.When The Deal Goes Down, 14.Thunder On The Mountain, 15.Like A Rolling Stone, 16.All Along The Watchtower, 17.Spirit On The Water, 18.Blowin' In The Wind

Please retain this info file and its LB number as a marker for this lossless set
and if you spread it please list it in the description to avoid others getting duplicates
