Bob Dylan
A.S.U. Activities Center
Tempe, Arizona
18 November 1978
  

 
Unknown Audience Recording>CDR>EAC>FLAC LEVEL 5
 

CD 1 71:48
My Back Pages
SheÆs Love Crazy (Tampa Red)
Mr. Tambourine Man
Shelter From The Storm
It's All Over Now, Baby Blue
Tangled Up In Blue
Ballad Of A Thin Man
Maggie's Farm
I DonÆt Believe You (She Acts Like We Never Have Met)
Like A Rolling Stone
I Shall Be Released
Se±or (Tales Of Yankee Power)
The Times They Are A-Changin'
Rainy Day Women 12 & 35  **
  

CD 2 79:15  
It Ain't Me, Babe
Am I Your Stepchild?
One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below)
Blowin' In The Wind
Girl From The North Country
True Love Tends To Forget
Masters Of War
Just Like A Woman
To Ramona
All Along The Watchtower
All I Really Want To Do
It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)
Forever Young
Changing Of The Guards
  

**= Not Included on Olaf Bjorners Listing 

 

Concert # 45 of the 1978 US Fall Tour. 1978 concert # 94.

 

Concert # 71 with the 1978 World Tour Band: Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar), Billy Cross (lead guitar), Alan Pasqua (keyboards), Steven Soles (rhythm guitar, backup vocals), David Mansfield (violin & mandolin), Steve Douglas (horns), Jerry Scheff (bass), Bobbye Hall (percussion), Ian Wallace (drums), Helena Springs, Jo Ann Harris, Carolyn Dennis (background vocals).

 

1 instrumental without Bob Dylan.

 

5, 21 Bob Dylan (harmonica).

14 Bob Dylan solo (vocal, harmonica & guitar).

 

Note

This concert contains the first version of the long introduction to One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below), describing his visit to a gypsy festival in Saintes-Maries de-la-Mer in France on his 34th birthday in 1975. Dylan uses the expression ōhigh holy gypsy holidayö. A ōhigh holy dayö or a ōhigh holidayö is in Judaism, Rosh Hashanah or Yom Kippur. The expression ōhigh holy daysö refers to the period from Rosh Hashanah until the end of Yom Kippur, often spent in penitent self-examination. So Bob Dylan is here actually referring to the gypsy equivalence to Yom Kippur!

 

BobTalk

You know in the Midwest in the 50Æs they had these carnivals come through town. Most of the big carnivals had somebody they used to call a geek. An you know what a geek is? I'll tell you what a geek is. A geek is somebody who's down on his luck and takes a job in a sideshow. He bites the head off a chicken and he eats it. An he eats the rest of the chicken too, live. Anyway this geek was telling me once, I asked ōhow can you do this kind of thing man?ö Well, he didn't really get tight with anybody, but he did tell me one thing. He always used to consider other people who were looking at him as pretty freaky. And that has helped me out a lot as I have gone through life. (before Ballad Of A Thin Man)

Thank you, I was riding on a train one time. At night. Outside the moon was full and the train was going from Monterey deep in the heart of Mexico to San Diego. I was riding in this car all by myself when this old man, he must have been 150 years old wearing a blanket, and both his eyes were burning, an there was smoke coming out of his nostrils I swear. Anyhow I had a million things to ask him. I just didn't know where to start. (before Se±or (Tales Of Yankee Power))

Thank you, three years ago I was over in the South Of France, just so happens coincidentally on my birthday, is a high holy gypsy holiday. So that's where the gypsies go, every day,... every year. And they party for a week. All the gypsies from all over Europe. Anyway I met the king of the gypsies over there. He had 16 wives and 120 children. And he still wasn't faithful and true. So I was just drinking coffee all night, playing safe. One night for two weeks IÆm just drinking coffee all night, just playing it safe, and in the morning he said. "Well seeing as you have to go now Bob, what can we give you?" And I just said, one more cup of coffee.

Thank you. That was All Along The Watchtower that was David Mansfield playing the smoking violin.

Thank you! Ladies and gentlemen, on the drums tonight, give him a warm hand, Ian Wallace. On the bass guitar, Jerry Scheff. On the keyboards, from the Bahamas, the one and only Alan Pasqua. On the lead guitar, the oldest member of this group, born in 1921. Ladies and gentlemen, Billy Cross. Over on the rhythm guitar, from Bogota, doesn't speak any English, but he plays his heart out doesn't he? Ladies and gentlemen, Steven Soles. He's looking for a woman. On the violin and the mandolin, the youngest member of this group, fifteen years old. Been with me now for five years. He doesn't smoke dope, drink whiskey or go out with women, never been to school. Ladies and gentlemen, David Mansfield. He's learning to have a good time. On the tenor saxophone, he's really a legend in his own lifetime. I really can't even begin to tell you all the things this man has done. Ladies and gentlemen, the phenomenal Steve Douglas. On the backup vocals, three girls now I just couldn't do without. They make me sound so good don't they? Anyway my ex-girlfriend on the right, Jo Ann Harris. My new girlfriend in the middle, Helena Springs. And on the other side. my fiancķe Carolyn Dennis. All right, from Detroit on the conga drums, the most amazing Miss Bobbye Hall. All right we're gonna get out of here real soon. (before It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding))

 

Mono audience recording, 145 minutes.

 
All info compiled from:http://www.bjorner.com/DSN04670%201978%20US%20Tour%20November.htm#DSN04790