Bob Dylan, 7/19/89, Columbia, MD USA, 2CDR

LB-7258, (74min+12min), jojogunne; vg+ to ex- aud, 1st gen, Sound quality:, very good plus to excellent minus, 8-9/10 IMHO, as always., Lineage:, Stereo tie mic > Sony Walkman WM-F46 analog tape recorder >, Maxell UR 120 normal bias master tapes >, JVC TD-W505 stereo double cassette deck >, TDK SA-X90 high-bias cassette tape, 1st gen >, JVC TD-W505 stereo double cassette deck >, AIWA XC-RW700 CD/CD recorder (created tracks here) >, Memorex Cool Colors 80 min. music CD-R >, Cakewalk Pyro 2005 (ripped CD-R to HD here) >, Cakewalk Pyro 2005 (retracked and edited wav files here) >, Trader's Little Helper (encoded wav to flac, level 8, aligned on sector boundaries), I WAS at this show with the taper so this description will be, a little longer than usual. Clear vocals and instruments. No, distortion, no speed problems, virtually no hiss or any audience, talking. I still have my Ticketron ticket stub from almost 20, years ago and here is what it says: LOC 40RORC, SEC R/C, ROW/BOX CC, SEAT 6. So I guess that this was taped about 29 rows from the stage., I do remember being on the right side of the stage, looking at the, stage. Herewith some random reminisences from that day so long ago:, It was a beautiful summer day. We parked at the mall parking lot, and walked over to the venue, passing the fountain where (my cousin, told me) so many Deadheads had taken fully-clothed showers that, everybody got pissed off and banned the Grateful Dead from performing, at Merriweather for several years thereafter. (Is the banning part true ?, You tell me if you know the score...). After a walk in the woods, we, entered the venue. The taper had the recorder on a strap over his, shoulder and was wearing a light summer jacket covering the device. If, the security clown had lifted that jacket about two more inches, this, recording would not exist. Talk about close calls. Henceforth the taper, crotched the recorder for MPP visits. A trip to the funny little, farmhouse/bathroom building in the back of the venue was unnecessary., We got to our seats still in broad daylight and the show started promptly, with Steve Earle opening. That performance was "captured" in its entirety., If anybody wants it, it's available....Steve then left the stage and walked, up a main aisle to the rear of the venue, right past our seats. A brush, with stardom !!!, After a short intermission, Bob took the stage and the crowd went wild., We were certainly charmed that night because everybody around us kept, their mouths shut, making for a great recording in that aspect. Two, guys were in front of us, speaking Dutch or Danish or Swedish (I don't, know) but they also were very respectful towards Bob and stopped talking., Bob played for about 85 minutes and a great time was had by all, except, for the booing at the end. Bob amazes me. I've listened to him since 1968, and started seeing him in concert in 1988. I've seen him on stage so stoned, that he was stumbling around, coming in at the wrong times with his guitar, or vocals or singing the wrong vocals, etc. Yet he still packs them in every, night. Still, with all of his shortcomings, I regard him as an American, treasure. See him as much as you can because he's not getting any younger., Hats off to Bob Dylan !, Finally, this recording to my knowledge has never been released. It's not, quite as good as the one that I d/led from either Dime or STG back on, 2/16/2005, but if you listen to this on headphones, I think that you'll, be impressed. Many people like different versions, so I hope that you'll, like this one, too. There is one flaw: there was a tape flip right before, the start of ISBReleased. The beginning of that is very quiet and then it, quickly gains volume. That is an idiosyncrasy of the WM-F46 and there's, little that one can do about it. That's about all that I have, so let's, wrap this up....., No buy, no sell, no mp3. Please seed this as long as you can., I will post a sample to help people decide if they want this, but trust me, it's a very good plus to excellent minus quality, show. Listen to this on headphones for an enjoyable experience!, Well, thanks for reading this and Mr. Natural would like to add, these few comments: have fun, don't freak out and by all means, enjoy the concert!!!, jojogunne 3/2/2009 (March 2, 2009); bittorrent download 03/09; track splits not specified;; different recording than LB-2448 based on different crowd at end of d1t2; in comparison this is muffled similar to LB-2216 but that has a little more hiss; this is not as harsh or tinny as LB-2448 but lacks that ones fullness of sound as this is muffled; good sound [C+]

abrupt start on t1, t13; drop t2 0:01; t12 0:01; drop/cut end of t16; discontinuites between tracks

CD1
1. Most Likely You Go Your Way (And I'll Go Mine), 2. Legend In My Time (Don Gibson), 3. Masters Of War, 4. Rainy Day Women # 12 & 35, 5. Shelter From The Storm, 6. Stuck Inside Of Mobile With The Memphis Blues Again, 7. Mr. Tambourine Man, 8. Gates Of Eden, 9. Don't Think Twice, It's All Right, 10. Knockin' On Heaven's Door, 11. Gotta Serve Somebody, 12. Silvio (Bob Dylan & Robert Hunter), 13. I Shall Be Released, 14. Like A Rolling Stone,15 encore 

CD2
16. The Times They Are A-Changin', 17. All Along The Watchtower 18 applause

Please retain this info file and its LB number as a marker for this lossless set
and if you spread it please list it in the description to avoid others getting duplicates
