Bob Dylan, 4/22/76, Clearwater, Florida, 1CDR

LB-7247, (79min), version "f";, Different versions of the Clearwater, FL - 22 Apr 1976 (evening) show have been available since not long following the event itself. Apparently, this version has had fairly limited circulation. It's an audience recording but not the same one in LK's dvd data set of RTR '76 shows. It's the same show but is *definitely* a different recording. Most interestingly, there is music on it (an extra song take) that isn't part of the data set version. To my knowledge, there's never been discussion or a listing for this show indicating two takes of the song, "You're Gonna Make Me Lonesome When You Go", were played., Additional information:, 1. The tape contains all the songs (same performances) that are on the LK data set version, except "Silver Mantis" by T-Bone Burnett. The basic performance order is the same., 2. It is not the same recording because talking and noises close to the recorder microphone are different. Also, it doesn't have the tape anomalies present on the data set version nor the other sound issues identified for LosslessBob LB-0386 and its variants., 3. This tape is *not* continuous. Either the original taper switched the recorder off between songs, or possibly it is an edited dub made from a longer, more continuous recording. (Actually - it does sound as if there was on-off switching during taping because the "false" ending in "Hard Rain" apparently caused a few words in the last verse to be missed.) All other starts-endings were fully captured. The music totals, 78 mins (1 CDR)., 4. The significant difference in this tape is a series of false starts and then a whole *extra* take of "You're Gonna Make Me Lonesome When You Go" which aren't on the LK data set version. As near as I can determine, the false start/extra take sequence isn't listed for any of the circulating audience versions at the LosslessBob website. Nor has it previously been denoted by any of the major discographers., 5. The false starts are a discontinuous series of 3 or 4 attempts (lasting a total of about 1:40). The extra take is a complete version that's distinctly different from the one performed later. Dylan sings verses two and three out of order and then also gets the two bridge passages out of order. Positioned where it is between "Hard Rain" and "Isis", possibly Bob initially struggled through this song and then left it, but maybe it was bugging him, so a couple of songs later, he came back with slight instrumentation changes to nail it in the take we have on the more commonly circulating version of this show., 6. There is a recording discontinuity between "Hard Rain" and "Isis" on the data set version of this show, something which might suggest for whatever reason the earlier "You're Gonna Make Me Lonesome" sequence was either missed, not recorded, or otherwise not included on that recording as it has circulated., 7. Recommendation: As an alternate and nice quality version, this particular audience tape is worth hearing and comparing to other versions. If the extra take of "Lonesome" is something not previously heard then that alone makes it worth a listen., ENJOY (and Happy Listenings!); bittorrent download 02/09; nothing above 16k except lego parapets; different recording than LB-386 based on different crowd at end of t18; in comparison this is more muffled with more hiss; good sound [C]

drop end of t1, t2, t10, drop t7 4:39, t8 0:24, 0:53, 1:28

Evening, 1. Oh Sister, 2. One More Cup Of Coffee, 3. Like A Rolling Stone, 4. Leopard-Skin Pill-Box Hat, 5. It Ain't Me, Babe (partial), 6. It Ain't Me, Babe, 7. A Hard Rain's A-Gonna Fall, 8. (false starts): You're Gonna Make Me Lonesome When You Go, 9. You're Gonna Make Me Lonesome When You Go [take 1], 10. Isis, 11. Lay Lady Lay, 12. You're Gonna Make Me Lonesome When You Go [take 2], 13. Romance In Durango, 14. Just Like A Woman, 15. Tonight I'll Be Staying Here With You, 16. Tonight I'll Be Staying Here With You, 17. Most Likely You Go You're Way (And I'll Go Mine), 18. Knockin' On Heaven's Door

Please retain this info file and its LB number as a marker for this lossless set
and if you spread it please list it in the description to avoid others getting duplicates
