Information from:

http://www.bjorner.com/DSN04890%201978%20US%20Tour%20December.htm#DSN04930

Olof Björner's
Bob Dylan
Yearly Chronicles
  
Municipal Auditorium
Mobile, Alabama
5 December 1978
  
 1.  My Back Pages  
 2. She’s Love Crazy (Tampa Red) 
 3. Mr. Tambourine Ma  
 4. Shelter From The Storm  
 5. Love Minus Zero/No Limit  
 6. Tangled Up In Blue  
 7. Ballad Of A Thin Man  
 8. Maggie's Farm  
 9. I Don’t Believe You (She Acts Like We Never Have Met) 
10. Like A Rolling Stone  
11. I Shall Be Released  
12. Seńor (Tales Of Yankee Power)    
13. One Of Us Must Know (Sooner Or Later)  
14. Rainy Day Women # 12 & 35  
15. It Ain't Me, Babe  
16. Am I Your Stepchild? 
17. One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below)  
18. Blowin' In The Wind  
19. Girl From The North Country 
20. Where Are You Tonight? (Journey Through Dark Heat) 
21. Masters Of War  
22. Just Like A Woman  
23. To Ramona  
24. All Along The Watchtower  
25. It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding) 
26. Forever Young   
27. Changing Of The Guards
  
Concert # 57 of the 1978 US Fall Tour. 1978 concert # 106
Concert # 83 with the 1978 World
Tour Band: Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar)
Billy Cross (lead guitar)
Alan Pasqua (keyboards)
Steven Soles (rhythm guitar, backup vocals)
David Mansfield (violin & mandolin)
Steve Douglas (horns), Jerry Scheff (bass)
Bobbye Hall (percussion)
Ian Wallace (drums)
Helena Springs, Jo Ann Harris, Carolyn Dennis (background vocals).


1 instrumental without Bob Dylan.
3, 5, 15, 16, 22 Bob Dylan (harmonica).
14 Helena Springs, Jo Ann Harris, Carolyn Dennis (vocals) without Bob Dylan.
15 Bob Dylan solo (vocal, harmonica & guitar).


BobTalk

Thank you. All right, thank you. This next song is about the story of my life, just about. (before Shelter From The Storm)

 [recording breaks here] back then. Now it’d probably cost about eleven bucks, but back then it was cheaper, you know. Anyway, I used to know this one particular geek. Not very well, I never did get too tight with him. But I was having breakfast one day with a lady with a beard. I swear she had a beard. Anyway, she said, this (…..) geek he's the low-downiest man in this show. But just to give you an idea of how strange he really is, he thinks of everybody else as being freaks. He thinks he's very straight. Anyway, years later I remember that story when I started moving around a bit and people started looking at me in a funny way. So, somewhere along the line I wrote this song. (before Ballad Of A Thin Man)

Thank you. This is the song here that got me booed out of the Newport Folk Festival, 1963. I never would believe that a song could cause so much disturbance, but it did. (before Maggie's Farm)

I was riding on a train one time deep in the heart of Mexico. A place called Durango, up to San Diego. Anyway, the train was passing a town called Monterey. Anyway, I'd fallen asleep before that, I was waking up when the train was pulling into the station and stopped. And I was gazing into the window which was like a long mirror, you know. And I saw this family of about fifteen children get off the train. And this old man step on up to the platform to get on the train. He was wearing nothing but a blanket and he come down the aisle and took a seat across the aisle from me. About…I don't know how long a time that went by, but finally I couldn’t help it, I had to turn to look at him. And when I turned to look at him I swear both his eyes were on fire, they were so hot, burning up. And there was smoke coming out of his nostrils. I turned around and glanced back into the mirror. I turned to look at him again, I figured that this was the man that I wanted to talk to. When I finally could get it together I turned around and he had disappeared. (before Seńor (Tales Of Yankee Power))

A few years ago I was over in the South of France where the gypsies have their high holy day. Kind of like Christmas to them. Anyway, they have…the High Holy Day that the gypsies do celebrate just happens to be the particular day I was born. So I went over there to check out what they were up to. So I did get over there and I did manage to meet the king of the gypsies. A young man who impressed me a great deal. He…this man had 16 wives and 125 children, I swear. He also had girlfriends on the side. He was the sole commander in chief of all the gypsies. Anyway, they just partied for a week [recording breaks here] so I was there with them [recording breaks here] one more cup of coffee for the road. Black. They put it in a bag and they give it to me. And I drifted away.

Thank you ladies and gentlemen. On the drums tonight, give him a warm hand, Mr. Ian Wallace. On the bass guitar, Jerry Scheff. On the keyboards, Alan Pasqua. Lead guitar, Billy Cross. On the violin and the mandolin, David Mansfield. On the rhythm guitar, Steve Soles. Tenor saxophone, Steve Douglas. On the background vocals, my three favorite young ladies, Jo Ann Harris, Helena Springs, Carolyn Dennis. On the conga drums, from Detroit, Miss Bobbye Hall. (before It’s Alright, Ma (I’m Only Bleeding))

2 new songs (7%) compared to previous concert. No new songs for this tour.

Stereo audience recording, 140 minutes.

