Bob Dylan  
July 1st, 1984  
Parc de Sceaux 
Paris, France  
 
Conversion: ?>CDR>Wav(EAC)>flac  
Conversion by: Fendert@aol.com  
Quality: Very Good / Audience  
 
DO NOT CONVERT TO .MP3



This is the 23rd Show of Bob Dylan's 1984 tour with former Rolling Stones guitarist  
Mick Taylor.  This is a killer show with great performances from the band.  
Unfortunately, most songs with the exception of the acoustic numbers are slightly 
over-driven but this is still a very enjoyable concert.  Paul Williams writes in his book 
"Bob Dylan Performing Artist 1974-1986: The Middle Years" of this show: 

"Paris (July 1) is my favorite show of the tour . . . Dylan is in front of a huge crowd 
(100,000 people) in a city he has always loved to perform in: he is probably still 
feeling the glow from his wonderful reception in Spain earlier in the week; in any 
case, his voice sounds great – rich in musical texture and full of aliveness and 
personality – throughout the concert."

"Tangled up in Blue"; "Simple Twist of Fate" also gets a whole new rewrite, and it 
can be delightfully outrageous, as in Paris, or surprisingly tender, as in Barcelona."  
He then goes on about this Paris show:  ""Tangled Up in Blue" in Paris, July 1, 1984 
second song of the second set, marks perfectly that mysterious transition into work 
filled with spirit, art capable of reaching deep into the soul of both performer and 
listener.  The version on "Real Live" (from London, July 7) is so similar I'm not sure I 
can articulate what makes the two performances different; yet the difference is as 
unmistakable as that between an ordinary starry night and the same night the 
instant after a lighting bolt has shattered the sky . . . there's a "click!" sometimes 
and then greatness happens.  Whatever, This performance gets to me.  It makes me 
scram.  And it's impact as far as I can tell has nothing to do with the new words, 
except in the not insignificant fact that the new words change the singer's 
relationship with the song" it is new for him, filled with the excitement of discovery, 
freshness, new creation. . . .Dylan's diction this particular evening, and in the sound 
of his voice . . . tells the story."

Then he goes on further and says:  ""Tangled Up in Blue" was followed in Paris by 
the single best live version of "It's Alright, Ma" that I've ever heard. . . . It's 
conviction.  I don't think I've heard a performance of this song since the original 
album version in which the singer is so able to inhabit every phrase, see every 
image, feel every expressed feeling.  Nothing is thrown away, no part of the song is 
sung on automatic pilot.  The performer is awake.  The result is frightening, and 
beautiful.  And awakening"

Boy, doesn't that make you want to get this one playing as-soon-as-possible?  Well, 
it does me, lol.  Right now is the 20th Anniversary of those shows and I thought it 
would be cool to release each show to STG on the date of the actual show plus 20 
years. When the STG tracker was down it really screwed up getting the shows out on 
the correct dates and we are a little behind but I want to complete the project in 
context so, here is the twenty-third show; only 4 more!!!  Enjoy!!!


Disc 1
1.	Highway 61 Revisited 
2.	Jokerman 
3.	All Along The Watchtower 
4.	Just Like A Woman 
5.	Maggie's Farm 
6.	I And I 
7.	License To Kill 
8.	A Hard Rain's A-Gonna Fall (acoustic) 
9.	Tangled Up In Blue (acoustic) 
10.	It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding) (acoustic) 
11.	Simple Twist Of Fate 
12.	Masters Of War 
13.	Ballad Of A Thin Man 
14.	Enough Is Enough

Disc 2
1.	Every Grain Of Sand 
2.	Like A Rolling Stone 
3.	Mr. Tambourine Man (acoustic)
4.	It Ain't Me, Babe (acoustic) 
5.	The Times They Are A-Changin' 
6.	It's All Over Now, Baby Blue 
7.	Leopard-Skin Pill-Box Hat 
8.	Tombstone Blues 
9.	Blowin' In The Wind 
10.	Knockin' On Heaven's Door

