BOB DYLAN
First Energy Park
Lakewood ,NJ
July 23, 2009

Church Audio Cards>ST20a pre-amp>Edirol R-09>Sound Forge 9>CD Architect 5.2>EAC>Flac

Jerseyboy recording

!!!COMPLETISTS  ONLY!!!  See  below.

Setlist info thanks to BOBLINKS.com

Disc One

1.    intro
2.    Watching The River Flow (Bob on guitar, Donnie on lap steel) 
3.    Girl Of The North Country  (Bob on guitar, Donnie on pedal steel, Stu on acoustic guitar, Tony on standup bass)  
4.    Lonesome Day Blues (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on lap steel)  
5.   Chimes Of Freedom (Bob on keyboard and harp, Donnie on pedal steel, Stu on acoustic guitar)  
6.   Tweedle Dee & Tweedle Dum (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on pedal steel)  
7.   A Hard Rain's A-Gonna Fall  (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on electric mandolin, Stu on acoustic guitar, Tony on standup bass)  
8.   Honest With Me (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on lap steel)  
9.   Workingman's Blues #2  (Bob on keyboard and harp, Donnie on pedal steel, Stu on acoustic guitar)  
10. Highway 61 Revisited (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on lap steel)  
11. Ain't Talkin' (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on viola, Stu on acoustic guitar)  
12. Thunder On The Mountain  (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on lap steel, Stu on acoustic guitar)  
    
Disc Two
1.  (encore) 
2. Like A Rolling Stone (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on pedal steel)  
3. Jolene (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on lap steel, Tony on standup bass)  
4. intros
5. All Along The Watchtower (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on lap steel)  

I've decided to post this show after no one has come forward with another source.  I had major technical problems on this rain soaked night and my choice of location
didn't help either. Suffers from BASS OVERLOAD.  First...try making adjustments wearing a poncho!  Second the R-09 line-in jack failed on the left side so I had to make this a mono recording with the right side only.
I was way too close to the sub-woofers at the front of the stage, but I thought if I could use the HPF it would help....wrong!  I didn't bring that rig...That one got wet at the last outdoor show (Poco) and
I didn't want to take a chance fouling up this recording....only one problem- this pre-amp doesn't have a HPF and I'm kinda jammed in there with all the happy people in my poncho with a mist blowing on us.
anyways...I let her roll and hoped for the best and got the worst ( in most spots) on this recording.  I did eq the bass response way down but it has distorted the recording.  Bottom line is the mics could handle the pressure being thrown at them.
The quieter tunes are savagable and this is up here for the Dylan fans that want it all. 

NO...The WIllie & Mellencamp didn't fare any better and I won't be posting them.

 