TAPE 5 On 16th July 2006, I received this email from Stewart Adams:
 

"Mike,
       I recently looked through a number of rather old cassette recordings that I have and discovered [I had forgotten] that I still have a cassette copied from my father's reel-to-reel of Dylan's BBC recordings of 1965.
I recorded the shows myself [at age of 14] with the mike in front of loudspeaker in 65 then tranferred them to cassette in 1969 so I could take them to Uni. Unfortunately, in the process, I changed the order of songs and had to miss one out as there was too much for the cassette. However they are all there with the exception of the Lonesome Death of Hattie Carroll.This all then prompted me to carry out a web search which revealed your site.
The quality is remarkably good and my brother-in-law reckons he can put it all on a CD for me.
Just wondered what interest there would be in this and if anyone has similar to compare."
Steward went on to give some detail about this tape:
 

"The story surrounding the recording is as follows:
I was brought up with my brother in the small town of Oban in the western highlands of Scotland. We were both interested in the popular music of the times but as you can imagine it wasn't easy obtain it living in what was then a fairly remote place.
My father was a bit of an early electronics buff and owned a reel-to-reel tape recorder, which was quite unusual in a place like that at the time.
We had listened to the 2 Joan Baez shows which preceeded the Dylan shows and regretted the fact that we had not tried to record them.
My brother had heard of Dylan but knew little about him. I knew nothing about him at all.
However, we decided that if they were half as good as the Joan Baez shows they would be worth recording, We set up the microphone in front of the television and produced a pretty good tape apart from the noise my mother made by kicking the ironing board which was placed right in front of the TV at the time. I think the tape recorder was a Cossor or something like that.
I have to admit that I was completely blown away by what I heard. I had never heard anything quite like it and the tape recorder lived in my bedroom for the next few years with the Dylan tapes played constantly.
I went off to University in Edinburgh in 1969 and looking back on it now, rather stupidly tried to copy the reel-to-reel on to a tape cassette so I could take it with me.I changed the order of songs and missed off the Lonesome Death of Hattie Carroll as there wasn't sufficient space.
My parents died some years ago and I can only guess that the old tape recorder and reels would have been thrown out.The cassette is therefore all that remains but the quality is still remarkably good all things considered."
Here's a photo of a COSSOR reel to reel recorder dating from the early 1960's, I assume this is similar to the one used by Stewart:

Stewart very kindly sent me the cassette tape to transfer to CD-R. Seen here:

As noted previously, the running order of this tape is as follows:

SIDE 1

1. Love Minus Zero/No Limit
2. One Too Many Mornings
3. Boots Of Spanish Leather
4. It's Alright Ma, I'm Only Bleeding
5. She Belongs To Me

SIDE 2

1. It's All Over Now, Baby Blue
2. Ballad Of Hollis Brown
3. Mr. Tambourine Man
4. Gates Of Eden
5. If You Gotta Go, Go Now
6. It Ain't Me Babe

"The Lonesome Death Of Hattie Carroll" is unfortunately omitted from the surviving tape. Despite this, it is a remarkably good sounding recording, espeically considering it was recorded "through the air" as it were. It is very lively, with quite full sound. It also re-ignites the debate about which of the two shows that Dylan recorded was recorded and/or broadcast first/second. This tape has the order reversed in relation to to other tapes that have turned up, and many say that the order presented here is the original broadcast order...or is it the original recording order? It's all a bit confusing! :-)
