Bob Dylan, 8/31/69, Isle of Wight, 1CDR

LB-5444, (62min), version "e":;(Potential first generation) Ten Inch Reel to Reel @ 7, i.p.s.>CDR>CDR via digital optical cable to split into tracks>EAC>FLAC, I purchased this reel at auction recently. The company I won it from had it transferred for me to cd. The studio that transferred it did it all to one track. That's why there is a second cdr in the transfer. I think this is very close to the master tape. A couple of the reasons I think this are, would someone really waste a 10 inch reel to make a copy of a multi generational tape? Also, has anyone else ever seen a copy with a Ritchie Havens version of a Dylan song that seems to be recorded at the same show?, This is the same recording that has been the basis for most of the Isle of Wight boots throughout the years. There is very little hiss on the tape. There are no vinyl sounds. It contains every song Dylan played at the show. It has the starts and stops between most songs that are found on all versions of this show. There is another audience version that was on Pink Robert that did the same start and stop between songs. I wonder if all the tapers had bought into the rumor of Dylan playing for three hours and were trying to save tape. I bet if they knew it was only going to be an hour they may have let it roll. There is no more music on this version than any other I have found. What it does have is a bit more audience here and there. It also has Bob telling the crowd, You look great, after Lay Lady Lay, that I can't find on any of my other sources. I think this tape, or a version of it, served as the source for the master to the TMOQ version as that version and this tape have Rainy Day Women ending at the same spot, while a complete recording of the song exists from this taper. I don't think this was used as the master for that boot, as the boot has the songs out of order, and this tape has them in order of performance. This show is one of my favorites and I purchased this tape in hopes of unearthing a new treasure. While I didn't get that, I think I did get a source very close to the master, I really think it's a first generation, as the sound on this is very warm, and the solo acoustic stuff never has sounded better, IMO. There might be versions that eq'ed the heck out of their source, but none that sound so pure and unadulterated. I had the studio do nothing to the tape, just transfer it. No noise reduction, e.q., anything. I also didn't try to correct any of the imperfections, as there are some on the tape. There is static in a couple of spots, and a couple of songs have portions repeated. I'm not saying this is anything new or revolutionary, but I do think I have a very close to the master source. I was told these reels had not seen the light of day since around 1971. They sure looked old. It was bundled with another reel of the original 13 Basement Tapes songs. There was nothing at all new on that one. The owner worked for KMET radio in Los Angeles. I've included photos of the reel. I paid a couple of bucks for these and my way of getting my money's worth is by sharing them with as many people as possible. Please share this anywhere you like, but try to avoid places that will make you eliminate the officially released songs. At least until it's had a good enough time to get out as is. Hunger City is it's debut. I also hope someone will piece it together with the Pink Robert version and others, hello Self Portrait, to make the ultimate/complete version. Enjoy; bittorrent download 10/07; in comparison to LB-3720 on t11,t14, t15 (taken from pink robert LB-3513) this is better quality with warmer fuller sound; in comparison to LB-3720 on other non-officially released tracks that has a better fuller of sound; in 4-way comparison on t4  I Threw It All Away, these are different recordings based on different crowd reaction on first verse; this has a delayed wow, LB-3720 has a ho-ho, pr LB-3513 has an ahh, gs LB-3224 has a woe; LB-3720 has a much fuller sound than the others, then this, then gs LB-3224, and then pr LB-3513; (this does not take in to account and speed problems or flaws)

flaws not documented

1. Maggie's Farm-Ritchie Havens, 2. noise, 3. She Belongs To Me-in progress--->, 4. I Threw It All Away-->, 5. Maggie's Farm/, 6. Wild Mountain Thyme-->, 7. It Ain't Me Babe-->, 8. To Ramona-->, 9. Mr. Tambourine Man-beginning only-, 10. Mr. Tambourine Man-complete-/, 11. I Dreamed I Saw St. Augustine/, 12. Lay Lady Lay-slightly in progress, w/ static-/, 13. Highway 61 Revisited/, 14. One Too Many Mornings/, 15. I Pity The Poor Immigrant, in progress-/, 16. Like A Rolling Stone-slightly in progress-/, 17. I'll Be Your Baby Tonight-in progress-/, 18. Quinn The Eskimo(the mighty quinn)-in progress/, 19. encore wait/, 20. Minstrel Boy-in progress, incomplete-, 21. Minstral Boy-in progress, complete w/ static-, 22. Rainy Day Women #12 & 35-way incomplete-, --> means no break in the recording, / means a break in the recording

Please retain this info file and its LB number as a marker for this lossless set
and if you spread it please list it in the description to avoid others getting duplicates
