Bob Dylan, 10/18/06, Sacramento, CA, Arco Arena, 2CDR

LB-4144, (79min+30min), Bob>Core Directionals>Sony MZR900>Cool Edit>WAV>Flac, Recorded by mike_markov@yahoo.com, Recorded 8th row to the just right of center stage. This is for my dear friend Henry., I always seem to have trouble taping in this arena, the sound in the arena is just terrible. The only thing, that made up for it was one sensational performance from Bob. I'll post samples so you can be the judge., I rather like it myself, I actually like it a lot. I'm listening to the burned cds from these flac files, now., There are some weird digital "noises" in this periodically, I didn't even catch them until I had put on headphones., There were so many people playing with cell phones that I think they were causing interference. The start of, "Watchtower" has some nasty interference as does Nettie Moore (for a few seconds) and LARS (a couple of times). Hopefully there will be, a different source of this., I'm posting this because no one else is posting the new shows and I know some people want all the sources. Plus I know of a few people that, want to hear the new material live (First time Nettie Moore here!), Other notes:, Kings of Leon opened and were fantastic. I'll torrent that show next if someone can help, with a setlist. I have both the albums but I'm just terrible with song titles., The boos you hear in "Its Alright Ma" are in response to a taper in the 6th row getting snagged by some over zealous, security guards. There's nothing about no taping on the tickets (as there used to be), just no, cameras stressed throughout the venue. He came back unscathed fortunately. They even gave him a rubber glove as a, souvenier (just kidding about that part :>); bittorrent download 10/06;  mono, almost nothing above 8k;poor sound [D]; (did not listen to all of this)

101 Maggies Farm, 102 Just Like Tom Thumbs Blues, 103 High Water, 104 When The Deal Goes Down, 105 Tweedle Dee, 106 Tangled Up In Blue, 107 To Ramona, 108 Its Alright Ma, 109 Rollin And Tumblin, 110 Balland Of Hollis Brown, 111 Highway 61 Revisited, 112 Nettie Moore, 201 Summer Days, 202 Thunder On The Mountain, 203 Like A Rolling Stone, 204 All Along The Watchtower

Please retain this info file and its LB number as a marker for this lossless set
and if you spread it please list it in the description to avoid others getting duplicates
