
Another winner. Great show from the master

----------------

BOB DYLAN
Cavea dell'Auditorium 
Roma, Italy 
July 16, 2006 

----------------


Sound Quality : A

disc 1:
1. intro
2. Maggie's Farm (Bob on keyboard)  
3. The Times They Are A-Changin' (Bob on keyboard and harp)  
4. Down Along The Cove (Bob on keyboard)  
5. Mr. Tambourine Man (Bob on keyboard and harp)  
6. It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding) (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on violin)  
7. Don't Think Twice, It's All Right (Bob on keyboar and harp)  
8. Tweedle Dee & Tweedle Dum (Bob on keyboard)  
9. New Morning (Bob on keyboard)  

disc2
1. Just Like Tom Thumb's Blues (Bob on keyboard and harp)  
2. Forever Young (Bob on keyboard)  
3. Highway 61 Revisited (Bob on keyboard)  
4. Visions Of Johanna (Bob on keyboard, DOnnie on electric mandolin)  
5. Summer Days (Bob on keyboard)  
  (encore) 
6.  Like A Rolling Stone (Bob on keyboard)  
7.  All Along The Watchtower (Bob on keyboard)  

----------------------------------------------------

Band Members
Bob Dylan - keyboard, harp
Tony Garnier - bass
George Recile - drums
Stu Kimball - rhythm guitar
Denny Freeman - lead guitar
Donnie Herron - violin, electric mandolin, pedal steel, lap steel

----------------------------------------------------

lineage: Core Sound Binaurals > Sharp MD MT190H > Philips Consumer CD > Trader's Little Helper > flac 

taper: gnegno 

artwork: asap on the torrent comments... (by fdo)


---------------- 

Complete concert 

-----------------------

BOD BYLAN IN ITALY (2006)

7/15  Pistoia, Italy - Pistoia Blues Festival   
7/16  Rome, Italy - Cavea dell'Auditorium Parco della Musica   
7/17  Paestum, Italy - Teatro dei Templi   
7/19  Foggia, Italy - Teatro Mediterraneo   
7/20  Cosenza, Italy - Stadio San Vito   

--------------------------------

Review by Fernando Garcín


Rome on a Sunday. A summer day. Heat, so much heat… After two days in 
Rome, walking under a blistering sun, breathing only in the shade, searching for 
the next fountain to refresh our heads, our hands… Sunday and a bus that goes 
thru Valle Aurelia beyond Flaminio… Giordano Bruno had left word for us that we 
could find fields of joy and water and even mercy… Yes, the bus runs fast to 
Parco de la Musica, the beautiful area where La Cavea, a beautiful small 
amphitheatre, is located… People 20, 30, 40, 50 years old come all together, as 
if Dylan was achieving a true transfer of generations, the young ones learning 
from him and the old ones… The last mission for the new age… La Cavea… A 
perfect stage without doors; the band went onto it thru the same way we 
entered… Almost 9:30 p.m. and Bob and his band suddenly appeared from the 
shadows… Maggie's Farm rocking one more time… Initially, the set list was the 
same one Dylan had used in the great show he had offered in my hometown, 
Valencia, Spain, only 9 days before… I will always remember the way Dylan 
smiled that night and how he moved all the time, how the awkward little 
gestures he mades with his hands "talked" to us, and the way he looking to 
the audience… Well. Now it was Rome… The Times They Are A-Changing -good 
sound, good voice, though his voice was better in Valencia… Down Along The 
Cove getting the blues… Mr Tambourine Man with the new slow arrangement, 
an interesting phrasing in the stanzas, short rhythm beats of harp at the end… 
It's Alright Ma (I'm Only Bleeding) a great performance for this tour, just like the 
year before… The set changed from the Valencia one when Don't Think Twice, 
It's All Right appeared with a country swing and people began to stand up and 
dance… Tweedle Dee & Tweedle Dum is not a song I like so much and it is easy 
to miss the original guitar riffs in live performances -the guitars are sometimes the 
low point of this tour, this band- … Then New Morning, one of the highlights of 
the night, I enjoyed the intro and the way Dylan sings and plays the organ taking 
the song and the band back to the original, but it now sounds as it might have 
been a basement tape… Another great song came next: Just like Tom Thumb's 
Blues, almost a highlight like in Valencia, when Dylan sang it as if he were walking 
around Desolation Row and established an interesting dialogue between his harp 
notes and the organ and the rest of the band… Really well sung… Another 
highlight was yet to come: Forever Young… It was a surprise to me, but Dylan 
sang it with such feeling, so deeply and full of wisdom… Phrasing the words like 
bullets… It was the troubadour, his voice, mouthing the words the way just how 
it has to be and ending with a sweet beautiful harp. I really loved that… People 
were really in the mood now -since New Morning - and it was so hard to remain 
seated… Couples began to dance and sing and cry when Highway 61 began to 
sound… Rock'n'roll, that's all, that's everything…. Everything?...  No. Dylan made 
a brief visit to the shadows at the rear of the stage, for some refreshment, and 
came back to sing his masterpiece Visions of Johanna… I think someone close to 
me couldn't believe it, and couldn't help but cry… Every word was "the" word, 
every silence was the music… Blonde on blonde in Rome… Sometimes I feel 
Valencia -smaller- is just like Rome… the streets, the atmosphere, chaos, weather, 
colours, sounds, streets, people… a way of life… You feel at home, saved… Mona
Lisa musta had the highway blues… Everything was changing while everything 
remained the same… When they played Summer Days, more couples danced 
again… Bob and the band didn't leave the stage… They must have been talking
in the shadows, taking a breath, chatting at the stage corner … Everybody was 
waiting for more… The encores were the same ones of the last years shows…
Like a Rolling Stone sounded really great and Bob sang it with energy and a special 
delivery… I loved LARS in Valencia, his phrasing, playing with words, leaving silences 
and throwing off the last words in that style of phrasing so dylanesque… you… got… 
no…. secrets… to… conceeaal,  … Here it was great too… While he was singing the 
4th line, some guy from the audience managed to get up on stage and started
dancing like a fool… Security rushed to take him away quickly, and Bob sang 
something like "don't use so much force" -I' m not sure, I think he added those 
words to the stanza… Later, as Dylan got to the second stanza, a woman got on 
stage again trying to give something (red) to Dylan… Bob had to stop for a second 
before the woman was taken away -just a few words- and he kept on singing… It 
was the most foolish LARS I have seen in recent years but it was a great delivery 
however and people were singing and dancing far from their seats… All Along The 
Watchtower closed the show and Dylan and the band stayed there standing for a 
while in front of the audience… Bob had to stop when he was trying to get out 
-maybe someone wanted one of his harps or just a word… Rome has no time and 
the summer night never ends…  Fruits and beers at the end of the line, where the 
bus says you hello and goodbye… You knew that we would meet again if your 
memory serves you well… 


-----------------------------------


Keep live music free for everyone! 

DO NOT SELL THIS RECORDING!

-----------------------------------