Bob Dylan & Mick Taylor (former Rolling Stones guitarist)
06/06/84
Sportpaleis
Rotterdam, Holland


Converted by:	Fendert
Conversion:	Tape>?x>CDR>Wav>FLAC
Quality:	Very Good / Audience

DO NOT CONVERT TO .MP3 OR ANY OTHER LOSSY FORMAT

This is the 7th Show of Bob Dylan's 1984 tour with former Rolling Stones guitarist 
Mick Taylor and they are playing the second of two dates in Rotterdam.  There was a 
one-day break in between the first Rotterdam show and this one and the day off pays off 
on this one.  This is the beginning of phase two of the tour as far as the groove goes.  
Gone is the uncertainty and unfamiliarity with the music.  The band is really grooving 
now.  Dylan's vocals are getting better and better as is Mick Taylor's lead guitar playing.  
He really seems to be getting into the music now and it is showing.  His lead on "I and I" 
is starting to take on the shape of the version we know from Real Live.  The first steps 
anyway.  If you listen to Taylor on these shows that I am posting you'll notice that he is 
playing straight from the soul.  There is no rehearsed guitar lead part; it is flowing from 
him in an endless stream of creative and emotional power.  Much like Dylan's vocals, 
which have different inflections and in many cases different lyrics from night to night.  
This connection between Dylan and Taylor makes these concerts magic.  Mick Taylor 
has mention on numerous occasions that this period was the highlight of his career.  It's 
no wonder why.  These are great moments in history and luckily for us they have been 
recorded so that 20 years later (and hopefully forever) these concerts can be listened to 
and enjoyed.  I often think of those lucky enough to see this show if they knew the magic 
they were witnessing.  It makes me appreciate every show I go to, knowing that it will 
never be repeated.  It stirs the soul, as music should.  

On this one "Simple Twist of Fate" is put in before "Man of Peace" and it will become a 
great song as the band works on the groove, Taylor invokes great guitar leads night after 
night on it and Dylan is continually is changing the words and the story until the tour 
ends.  It's a fluid song and it is ever changing.  "Tangled up in Blue" has been moved to 
the second acoustic set and listen to the changes from the show before which was the first 
time it was played on this tour.  "Love Minus Zero – No Limit" is included, "Tombstone 
Blues" Eliminated (maybe Santana was just too much for Dylan to handle on it this night 
. . . I don't blame him).  The show ends with "Blowing in the Wind," and Mick Taylor 
plays the first lead with Santana hacking the end lead.  Listen to the difference and judge 
for yourself.  There is nice crowd sing along at the end with Bob alternating between the 
ladies and men;  actually it is quite stirring.  I think Joan Baez had left by this time.  Right 
now is the 20th Anniversary of those shows and I thought it would be cool to release each 
show to STG on the date of the actual show plus 20 years.  So, here is the seventh show 
and we'll see if I can keep up with the rest of the tour.  


These shows really highlight how BAD Santana was.  He was playing in the wrong key, 
at the wrong time, bad tone and playing a part which did NOT fit into the song.  What 
was Bob thinking with this guy?  No artwork, enjoy!

Disc 1
01.	Highway 61 Revisited
02.	Jokerman
03.	All Along The Watchtower
04.	Just Like A Woman
05.	Maggie's Farm 
06.	I And I 
07.	License To Kill 
08.	It Ain't Me Babe
09.	A Hard Rains A Gonna Fall
10.	It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding) (acoustic)
11.	 It's All Over Now, Baby Blue  
	 


Disc 2
01.	Masters Of War 
02.	Ballad Of A Thin Man 
03.	Simple Twist of Fate
04.	Man of Peace
05.	Every Grain Of Sand 
06.	Like A Rolling Stone 
07.	Tangled Up in Blue 
08.	Don't Think Twice 
09.	Love Minus Zero – No Limit
10.	Blowing in the Wind

