Bob Dylan
Br½ndby-Hallen
Copenhagen, Denmark
12 July 1981
  


Note. This show was recorded by Dylan’s crew. 

 

 
Dennis-King-Havis-Quebec:

Come On In This House (?)
It's Gonna Rain (C Johnson)
Show Me The Way Lord (?)
Saved By The Grace Of Your Love (Willie Smith/David Palmer)
Blowin' In The Wind
Gotta Serve Somebody
I Believe In You
Like A Rolling Stone
Till I Get It Right (Red Lane/Larry Henley)** Missing**
Man Gave Names To All The Animals
Maggie's Farm
Simple Twist Of Fate
Girl From The North Country
Ballad Of A Thin Man
Dead Man, Dead Man
  
 

Let's Begin (Jim Webb)
Lenny Bruce
Mr. Tambourine Man
Solid Rock
Just Like A Woman
Watered-Down Love
Forever Young
All Along The Watchtower
Jesus Is The One
In The Garden
Blowin' In The Wind
It Ain't Me, Babe
Knockin' On Heaven's Door
  

 

 

Concert # 14 of The Europe Summer Tour 1981. 1981 concert #18.

Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar), Fred Tackett (guitar), Steve Ripley (guitar), Willie Smith (keyboards), Tim Drummond (bass), Jim Keltner (drums), Clydie King, Carolyn Dennis, Regina Havis, Madelyn Quebec (background vocals).

 

1, 23 Bob Dylan solo (vocal & guitar).

5 Regina Havis (vocal).

12 Bob Dylan & Clydie King (shared vocal).

 




BobTalk

Thank you for coming ladies and gentlemen. I hope we played something that you came to hear tonight. We left a few things out that we would have liked to play. More than a few actually. I wanna introduce the band to you now. Over on the left, a young lady who's been with me now for about twelve years. Miss Carolyn Dennis. Standing next to her is a young lady who's been with me now

 

 not quite that long but pretty long, Madelyn Quebec. Next to her of course is Regina McCreary, from Nashville, Tennessee. From Dallas, Texas, Clydie King. On the keyboards, a young man who's a legend in his time, Mr. Willie Smith. Yes sir, in some parts of the world he's very well known. Standing next to him on guitar, Fred Tackett. Next to him on guitar, Steve Ripley. On the drums tonight, Mr. Jim Keltner. From Cincinnati, Ohio on the bass, the last of the best, Tim Drummond. All right, Goodnight. (at the end of In The Garden)

 

5 new songs (20%) compared to previous concert. 1 new song for this tour.

 

Stereo audience recording, 125 minutes.

Audience video recording, 18 minutes.



All info compiled from :  http://www.bjorner.com/DSN06290%20-%201981%20Europe%20Summer%20Tour.htm#DSN06430