Early Recordings Vol. II
Put 'em On A Boat, Send 'em Up To The Gaslight Cafť

size: 426mb

CDR-->EAC-->*.wav-->FLAC fronted-->*.flac


disc one:

1)  Man On The Street
2)  He Was A Friend Of Mine (Trad. arr.)
3)  Talking Bear Mountain Picnic Massacre Blues
4)  Song To Woody
5)  Pretty Polly (Trad.)
6)  Car Car (W. Guthrie) (/w Dave Van Ronk)
7)  Motherless Children (Trad.)
8)  Handsome Molly (Trad.)
9)  John Brown
10) Ballad Of Hollis Brown
11) Kindheart Woman Blues (R. Johnson)
12) See That My Grave Is Kept Clean (Blind L. Jefferson)
13) Ain't No More Cane (Leadbelly)


disc two:

1)  Cocaine Blues (L. Jordan arr. Rev. G. Davis)
2)  The Cuckoo Is A Pretty Bird (Trad.)
3)  West Texas (Trad.)
4)  A Hard Rain's A-Gonna Fall
5)  Don't Think Twice, It's All Right
6)  Black Cross (J. S. Newman arr. Lord Buckley)
7)  No More Auction Block (Trad. arr.)
8)  Rocks And Gravel (Trad. arr.)
9)  Barbara Allen (Trad.)
10) Moonshiner (Trad. arr.)
11) Ramblin' Down Through The World (adpt. W. Guthrie)
12) Fright Train Blues (Trad. arr.)
13) Walls Of Red Wing


disc one tracks 1-6: "The First Gaslight Tape", Sept. 06 1961, New York, NY, The Gaslight Cafť.

disc one tracks 7-13 and disc two tracks 1-3: "The Second Gaslight Tape", late Oct. 1962, New York, NY, The Gaslight Cafť.

disc two tracks 4-10: "The Thrid Gaslight Tape", late Oct. 1962, New York, NY, The Gaslight Cafť.

disc two tracks 11-13: Dec. 1962 or Jan. 1963, New York, NY, unknown Folk Club.


All tracks remastered. The sound quality of the Gaslight Tapes is pretty good, especially for the second and thir ones. The Unknown Folk Club Tape is a very poor, incomplete audience recording and the audience is very loud, so the quality is also after the remastering still pretty poor.

"The First Gaslight Tape":
The first recording from the Gaslight Cafť. Not as famous as the second and third one. The soundquality isn't bad, but it is a little muffled and there was some tapehiss. I removed most of the tapehiss, but I could made the sound to crisp, because otherwise the tapehiss would have been to high.

"The Second and Third Gaslight Tape":
The famous Gaslight Tapes. They are in very good quality, though the long circulated version was a bit muffled too. Even for those who have the improved Rattlesnake release, this is still a little imrovement. I made the sound again a bit more crisp and removed the last rest of tapehiss.

"The Unknown Folk Club Tape":
This tape here is hardly in circulation. But it is also in poor quality and only pretty short. Although it is very interesting, because it contains one of only two recordings of "Ramblin' Down Through The World" and the only live recoding of "Fright Train Blues". There was a lot of tapehiss and the audience is very loud. I removed as much tapehiss, as possible. It's now for the hardcore fan already pretty enjoyable.



This is the second one of my remasterprojects. Vol. III is under construction and I hope it'll be finish soon too.

-Bob T. Guevara