The Guru Rap (from www.fmi-fcia.uchicago.edu/~jrr/index.html, jrr@fciav3.bsd.uchicago.edu)

Hmm, pretty rude bunch tonight eh?
You all know how to be real rude!
You know about the spirit of the Anti-Christ?
Does anybody here know about that?
Well, the spirit of the Anti-Christ is loose now.
Let me give you an example.
Well, you know, I got a place out... somebody stopped by my house
and gave me this tape-cassette.
Some of these kind of people, you know.
There's many of these false deceivers running around these days.

There is only one gospel!!
If anybody preaches anything other than that one gospel, let him be accused!
(female voice in the audience: Rock'n Roll!).

Anyway, a young fellow stopped by my house one time and wanted to so-called
'to turn me on' to a-I'm not going to mention his name right now.
But he has a place out there near L.A. (male voice: Malibu!)
and he stopped by with this taped cassette. (audience interference)

(To audience:) If you want Rock'n Roll you can go down Rock'n Roll!
You can go see Kiss! You can Rock'n Roll all the way down to the Pit!!

Well, anyway. Let me give you an example here. I dropped this cassette off
with a friend of mine (audience interference).

Turn the lights on here! I want to see these people! Turn some lights on!
Put them in some light, put them in the light!

So, anyway, this certain guru ... you want to hear about this guru?
(audience: Yeah!). So, anyhow.. All right, so this guru,
he made a film of himself.
And he had one of these big conventions.
He does have a convention, I think, ever so often.
Like once a month he'll go to a big city.
So I took a look at this tape.
And sure enough he was having himself a good convention.
He must have had five thousand or ten thousand people there.
Ten thousand people!
And what he was doing on the stage was he was sitting on
there with a lot of flowers and things.
And he sure did look pretty though!
He sit up there, you know, like kind of up on a throne, you know.
I was listening to him talk on the tape.
And on the tape he said, you know,
what life is all about is life is to have fun.
(audience: Yeah!).
Well, I'm going to show you now how you can all have fun.
And he had a big fire extinguisher there, and he'd put colored water
in this fire extinguisher.
And he'd spray it out on the people.

And they all laughed and just had a good time.
And they took their clothes off and they were just overjoyed
to be sprayed by this man.
(audience: Booh!).
And a little while after that he started talking about his philosophy,
and he said that he was God.
He did say that.
He said, God's inside of him, and he is God, you know.
that those people could just think of themselves as God.
I want to tell you this, because there's many of these people walking around.
They may not come right out and say they're God,
but they're just waiting for the opportunity to...
There is only one God. And let me hear you say that God IS.

And God never makes promises that he doesn't keep.
There is only two kind of people, like the preacher says,
only two kinds of people - color doesn't separate them - neither does their
clothes.
(audience: Rock'n Roll!!).
(To audience: You STILL want Rock'n Roll?!)
I'll tell you what the two kinds of people are.
Don't matter how much money you got, there is only two kinds of people:
There's saved people and there's lost people.
Now remember that I told you that.
You may never see me again.
I may never be through here again.
You may not see me.
Sometime down the line, you'll remember you heard it here-that Jesus is Lord.
And every race shall bow to him!!
