Bob Dylan, 4/30/06, Birmingham, Alabama, Birmingham Jefferson Convention Complex, BJCC Arena, 2CDR

LB-3752, (78min+21min), Source: SoundPro SP-CMC4c > Soundpro Reactive Boost Box > Sony MZ-M100 > WAV > FLAC, Notes/Flaws: FIRST SHOW RECORDED!!!!Track 1 is actually the first 3 songs, but I forgot to mark the tracks on my recorder. Some sound fluctuations mainly at the beginning and ending of songs as I was trying to adjust my levels. Overall I believe the sound quality to be very good. Maybe someone with some experience can retrack #1 and level out any fluctuations. I'll practice my mixing on this one, but thought I would let someone with a little more experience work on it a little quicker., Recorded and Seeded by JHatcher (habit); bittorrent download 05/06; nothing above 20k;; excellent sound [A-]; background talking d1t10

CD1
1. Maggie's Farm (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on pedal steel), 2. She Belongs To Me - (5:40), (Bob on keyboard and harp, Stu on acoustic guitar, Donnie on pedal steel), 3. Tweedle Dee & Tweedle Dum (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on pedal steel) - (12:00), 4. Positively 4th Street, (Bob on keyboard and harp, Stu on acoustic guitar, Donnie on pedal steel), 5. 'Til I Fell In Love With You (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on lap steel), 6. It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding), (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on violin, Tony on standup bass), 7. Just Like A Woman (Bob on keyboard and harp, Donnie on pedal steel), 8. Highway 61 Revisited (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on lap steel), 9. Visions Of Johanna, (Bob on keyboard, Stu on acoustic guitar, Donnie on electric mandolin, Tony on standup bass), 10. Cold Irons Bound (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on lap steel), 11. Boots Of Spanish Leather, (Bob on keyboard and harp, Stu on acoustic guitar, Donnie on violin, Tony on standup bass), 

CD2
12. Summer Days (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on pedal steel, Tony on standup bass), (encore), 13. Like A Rolling Stone (Bob on keyboard, Donnie on pedal steel), 14. All Along The Watchtower, (Bob on keyboard, Stu on acoustic guitar, Donnie on lap steel)

Please retain this info file and its LB number as a marker for this lossless set
and if you spread it please list it in the description to avoid others getting duplicates
