Bob Dylan
Freileichtbühne
Loreley, West Germany
17 July 1981
  

Unknown Audience>CDR>EAC>FLAC LEVEL 8 

 

. 
Saved (Bob Dylan/Tim Drummond)
I Believe In You
Like A Rolling Stone
Till I Get It Right (Red Lane/Larry Henley)
Man Gave Names To All The Animals
Maggie's Farm
Girl From The North Country
Ballad Of A Thin Man
In The Summertime
Dead Man, Dead Man
Carolyn Dennis:
  Walk Around Heaven All Day (Rev. James Cleveland/Cassietta George)
The Times They Are A-Changin'
Let's Begin (Jim Webb)
Lenny Bruce
Forever Young
Slow Train
  
.
  

Mr. Tambourine Man
Solid Rock
Just Like A Woman
Saved By The Grace Of Your Love (Willie Smith/David Palmer)
Jesus Is The One
Watered-Down Love
When You Gonna Wake Up
In The Garden
Blowin' In The Wind
It Ain't Me, Babe
Knockin' On Heaven's Door
  

 

 

Concert # 17 of The Europe Summer Tour 1981. 1981 concert #21.

Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar), Fred Tackett (guitar), Steve Ripley (guitar), Willie Smith (keyboards), Tim Drummond (bass), Jim Keltner (drums), Clydie King, Carolyn Dennis, Regina Havis, Madelyn Quebec (background vocals).

 

4 Regina Havis (vocal).

12 Bob Dylan & Clydie King (shared vocal).

19 Willie Smith (vocal).

25 Bob Dylan solo (vocal & guitar).

 

Notes

·          There was no opening gospel songs by the backup singers at this show.

·          This show was recorded by Dylan’s crew.



BobTalk

Thank you. We're gonna slow things down just a little bit. This is Regina McCreary. She usually sings with me every night. She's gonna sing a song called Keep On Falling In Love Until I Get It Right.

Thank you. This is another animal song. Thinking about animals, a farm song. My three favorite songs. Love songs, farm songs, baby songs. (before Maggie's Farm)

..... a new album we just made, should be released soon, called, Shot Of Love. This is a song called Dead Man Dead Man When Will You Arise, 1, 2.

Thank you I wanna introduce another young girl tonight, Carolyn Dennis. Been singing with me for now five years, she was here last time I was here, four or five years anyway. She sings this every place we go every night. One of the great singers of the end times Carolyn Dennis.

Thank you. Mr. Tambourine Man that was Steve Ripley on lead guitar. He's been waiting all his life to play that part.

Thank you. This is Willie Smith on the keyboards up here. He's gonna sing a song for you now called Saved By The Grace Of Your Love. Willie Smith is gonna sing this one.

Yeah. This is another song off that new album that's coming out called Watered Down Love. You don't want a love that's pure, you wanna drown love. You want a watered-down love.

Thank you very much for coming. I want to introduce the keyboard player to you now, Willie Smith. From Baton Rouge, Louisiana. On guitar tonight, Fred Tackett. I hope we played something that you came to hear. I know we left a lot out that I personally wanted to hear. I hope we come back, when we come back I'll play it again. Anyway on the left here, you met her earlier, Carolyn Dennis. Standing next to her is Madelyn Quebec. From Nashville, the music capital of the USA, Regina McCreary. Playing the other guitar tonight is Steve Ripley, from Little Rock, Arkansas. On backing vocals and instrumental miss Clydie King. On the drums tonight, give him a big hand, ladies and gentlemen , he come a long way, he's been around, Jim Keltner. On the bass guitar, last of the best, and the best of the last, Tim Drummond. I wanna say goodnight now. (at the end of In The Garden)

 

Bootlegs

Man From The North Country. Chameleon Records LP.

Snow Over Interstate. LP.

 

4 new songs (15%) compared to previous concert. No new songs for this tour.

 

Stereo audience recording, 120 minutes.

Audience video recording, 50 minutes.

All info compiled from:  http://www.bjorner.com/DSN06290%20-%201981%20Europe%20Summer%20Tour.htm#DSN06470