Bob Dylan & Mick Taylor (former Rolling Stones guitarist)
06/07/84
Stade de Schaerbeek
Brussels, Belgium

Converted by:	Fendert
Conversion:	Tape>?x>CDR>Wav>FLAC
Quality:	Very Good / Audience

DO NOT CONVERT TO .MP3 OR ANY OTHER LOSSY FORMAT

This is the 8th Show of Bob Dylan's 1984 tour with former Rolling Stones guitarist 
Mick Taylor.  This is the first GREAT show of the tour, a must-have show.  Every song 
is perfect.  Dylan's singing and Taylor's playing meshes so well together and the band is 
so hot that they seem to be operating with one mind; perfect!  Each player seems inspired 
by the performance of the other members and each raise their own game to meet the 
challenge.  The result is a phenomenal show, what a treat.  This is only the first great 
show.  There are other magical nights but none surpass this night; equal, different 
but not better.  Every note Taylor plays fits perfectly into the context of each song.  
Listen to him when he is NOT playing lead.  A true master, he is always playing the 
perfect part yet never over-playing.  There is one problem with this offering and it comes 
on track # 6; "I and I."  The song is cut and another show has been dubbed in on the last 2 
minutes to complete the song (I think it is from Gothenburg as best I can tell, which is the 
next show so there is continuity in the order).  Other then that it is a fabulous soul-stirring 
recording.

During "Ballad of a Thin Man" Dylan loses a little bit of fire in his vocal but picks it up 
again on "Every Grain of Sand" and doesn't loose it again.  Taylor is hot all night.  
"Simple Twist of Fate," (which now has become a regular part of the setlist) "Every 
Grain of Sand" and of course "Masters of War" are becoming great show cases for his 
style and technique.  "Tangled up in Blue" has lost it's minor chord that Dylan tried the 
first two nights he played it and now it has taken on the structure it will retain for the rest 
of the tour.  As not to screw-up the evening even Santana plays decent on "Tombstone 
Blues" but Ian MacLagan is the star of it this night with his fabulous boogie-woogie 
piano playing.  The show ends with a stirring version of  "Why Do I Have To Choose" 
with a nice slide guitar solo by Taylor and Dylan's singing after the solo is great.  
Santana ends the song with a passable but weak solo before it sputters to an end.  It must 
have been tough to play after Taylor.  Right now is the 20th Anniversary of those shows 
and I thought it would be cool to release each show to STG on the date of the actual show 
plus 20 years.  So, here is the eighth show; only 19 more!!!  We'll see if I can keep up 
with the rest of the tour.  

Disc 1
01.	Highway 61 Revisited
02.	Jokerman
03.	All Along The Watchtower
04.	Just Like A Woman
05.	Maggie's Farm 
06.	I And I 
07.	License To Kill 
08.	Mr. Tambourine Man
09.	It Ain't Me, Babe
10.	It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding) (acoustic)

Disc 2
01. 	It's All Over Now, Baby Blue  
02. 	Masters Of War 
03. 	Ballad Of A Thin Man 
04. 	Simple Twist of Fate
05. 	Every Grain Of Sand 
06. 	Like A Rolling Stone 
07. 	Tangled Up in Blue 
08. 	Girl From the North Country
09. 	Love Minus Zero – No Limit
10. 	Tombstone Blues
11. 	Why Do I Have to Choose?

