Bob Dylan
Great Woods Performing Arts Center
Mansfield, Massachusetts
July 9, 1986

SOURCE: 'BW Master'
Lineage: 'BW Master' > CD-R(Audio Catalyst)wav>(flacfrontend)flac8. 

When I received this the discs were not tracked so in Sound Forge 6.0 I made the
larger files into separate tracks. I did no other mastering to this. EXCELLENT SOUND!

Disc One (64:07):

1. Unchain My Heart (James Freddy/Agnes Jones)
2. Positively 4th Street
3. Clean Cut Kid
4. I'll Remember You
5. Shot Of Love
6. We Had It All (Donny Fritts-Troy Seals)
7. Masters Of War
8. Bob intro for Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers (their sets are not included)
9. The Times They Are A-Changin'
10. One Too Many Mornings
11. It Ain't Me, Babe
12. I Forgot More Than You'll Ever Know (Cecil A. Null)
13. Band Of The Hand
14. When The Night Comes Falling From The Sky
15. Lonesome Town (Baker Knight)
 
Disc Two (58:43):

1. Ballad Of A Thin Man
2. Rainy Day Women # 12 & 35
3. Seeing The Real You At Last
4. Across The Borderline (Ry Cooder/John Hiatt/Jim Dickinson)
5. I And I
6. Like A Rolling Stone
7. In The Garden
8. Blowin' In The Wind
9. Shake A Hand (Joe Morris)
10. Knockin' On Heaven's Door
 
Concert #23 of the 1986 True Confessions US Tour. 
Concert #42 with Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers. 1986 concert #42.

Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar) with Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers.
Tom Petty (guitar), Mike Campbell (guitar), Benmont Tench (keyboards), 
Howie Epstein (bass), Stan Lynch (drums)
and with The Queens Of Rhythm: Carolyn Dennis, Queen Esther Marrow, Madelyn Quebec, 
Louise Bethune (backing vocals).

Bob Dylan solo (vocal & guitar): 
The Times They Are A-Changin'
One Too Many Mornings
It Ain't Me, Babe
 
Bob Dylan (harmonica):
The Times They Are A-Changin'
One Too Many Mornings
It Ain't Me, Babe
Knockin' On Heaven's Door

Bob Dylan and Tom Petty (shared vocals):
I Forgot More Than You'll Ever Know (Cecil A. Null)
Blowin' In The Wind
Knockin' On Heaven's Door

Howie Epstein (slide guitar), Tom Petty (bass):
Rainy Day Women # 12 & 35

BobTalk

<inaudible> Maybe next time. Anyway I’m playing all the songs in the same key tonight, 
haven't done that in a while. (before It Ain't Me, Babe)

All right Tom and I are gonna sing an old song for you now.  Anyway they don't write songs 
like this anymore either. This is about a, this is about the kind of person who thinks they 
know it all. (before I Forgot More Than You'll Ever Know)

All right now. Ricky Nelson he did a lot of my songs, and I'm gonna do one of his. It's 
called Lonesome Town.

All right here are Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers now. Here are their names. On the 
keyboards, Benmont Tench. Guitar, Michael Campbell. On the drums, Stan Lynch. On bass guitar, 
give him a hand, Howie Epstein. Of course I got to especially thank Mr. Tom Petty himself. 
Yeah. Anybody would sound good with this band. Even you. Anyway I also have my own 
Heartbreakers over there. Somewhere. That's Queen Esther Marrow and Carolyn Dennis. 
And Madelyn Quebec and Louise Bethune. (before Like A Rolling Stone)

2 new songs (8%) compared to previous concert. No new songs for this tour.

Thank you Olof!
ENJOY!
Charlespoet	 

I love his harmonica playing on these 86 shows especially when I consider he was not doing the 
completely solo  (him - guitar and harp) for much longer. Someone will have to provide 
the facts because I can't say for sure when he stopped playing completely by himself, but I 
can say having seen him for the first time in 86 I was fortunate to have witnessed at least a 
couple of times a completely solo Bob!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!




 
 
 
