Bob Dylan, 2/17/93, EindHoven, The Netherlands, 2CDR

(79min+41min), Preboard, Another from the "Righteous To Me" box. This one has some of Dylan's vocals, slightly overcooked, but it gets warmer as the set progresses. A very warm, instrumental mix and great setlist makes this one a welcome addition., Thanks Matt!!, Conversion: Unknown CD-R>EAC(secure)>FLAC Frontend>FLAC, Total Size: 546 MB, Notes from a fan in the audience:, Suddenly at the start of The Times They Are A-Changin' there's a girl, standing on stage. Blond, dressed in black, wearing a hat like it could, have been a souvenir of the Rolling Thunder Revue. She wants to sing, with Dylan. The bodyguard wants to take her away, but Dylan says it's OK., They sing the first verse together. She sings great!, Then Dylan steps back to play some guitar, probably expected her to leave, but she stays on stage. Dylan shows her his guitar as if he wants to say:, "Maybe you wanna take this over as well?" Then the bodyguard again comes, to take her away, but Dylan again says it's OK. They sing the whole, song together (and it sounds very good!) although Liz Souissi, from Bern, Switzerland, is shaking all over, nervous as she is., All the time there are big cheers and lots of applause from the crowd., When the song is over, she starts to walk off stage, but then returns, giving Bob a big hug and kiss. This was front-page news in, the local newspaper: "A Kiss for Swiss Liz". Her comments: "This is what, I always dreamed of. I almost didn't dare, but still I took a chance on it., Of course I expected to be taken away immediately. To me this is, the most beautiful thing I ever experienced." And it was beautiful, for many people in the crowd. Bob even smiled when all this happened.; bittorrent download 01/05; has some occasional harshness and level fluctuations; very good sound [B]

Disc 1, 1.Folsom Prison Blues (Johnny Cash), 2.The Man In Me, 3.All Along The Watchtower, 4.Tangled Up In Blue, 5.Watching The River Flow, 6.Stuck Inside Of Mobile With The Memphis Blues Again, 7.Silvio (Bob Dylan & Robert Hunter), 8.Tomorrow Night (Sam Coslow/Will Grosz), 9.Jim Jones (trad. arr. by Bob Dylan), 10.Gates Of Eden, 11.It's All Over Now, Baby Blue, 12.Cat's In The Well, 13.I And I, 

Disc 2, 1.The Times They Are A-Changin', 2.Highway 61 Revisited, 3.Ballad Of A Thin Man, 4.Everything Is Broken, 5.It Ain't Me, Babe
