Horsens Teater - BobsBoots - Bootleg CD  
            H index LPsInfo/FAQsDaily UpdatesHomee-mail


      Horsens Teater 
      source: Denmark  May 21, 2000 


      Tracks: 
      Disc one 
      Intro 
      Hallelujah, I'm Ready (acoustic) 
      My Back Pages (acoustic) 
      Masters Of War (acoustic) 
      Tomorrow Is A Long Time (acoustic) 
      Hard Rain (acoustic) 
      Tangled Up In Blue (acoustic) 
      Lonesome Death Of Hattie Carroll (acoustic) 
      Gotta Serve Somebody  
      You're A Big Girl Now  
      All Along The Watchtower  
      Tryin' To Get To Heaven  
      To Be Alone With You 
 
      Disc two 
      encore: 
      Ballad Of A Thin Man  
      Like A Rolling Stone  
      Forever Young (acoustic) 
      Maggie's Farm  
      It Ain't Me, Babe (acoustic)(Bob on harp) 
      Rainy Day Women #12 & 35 
      Blowin' In The Wind (acoustic) 
      Bonus: 
      Mama, You've Been On My Mind 
      Shelter From The Storm 
      Down Along The Cove 
      Things Have Changed 


      Review: 
      A richly done, classy looking package sets off the great quality audience 
      recording. The four well chosen, excellent sound quality bonus tracks sit 
      nicely at the end of the second disc. A few weeks after its release,  it 
      was reissued in a digipack.  
      Boblinks concert reviews
      © 2002 Craig Pinkerton Bobsboots.com
                  View enlarged images below





            FrontCDIns.(b)Back
            Information: 
            source: 
            NYA Theatre  Horsens, Denmark May 21, 2000 
            Bonus tracks: Saturday, May 13, 2000 Lund, Sweden 
            Manufacturer / Catalog No. 
            Crystal Cat    / CC 526-27 
              Released: 
                  June 2000 (first issue) 
                  November 2000 (reissue)  
                  Reissued in DigipakQuality: 
                  8 starsBob's Boots ref  # 
                  BB-h44

            Thanks to Mike McGarr for scans and info:
      This Complete recording comes from the tiny 450 seat Horsens Nya Theater 
      venue. The set list reflects the intimacy of the venue, with a one-off 
      arrangement of Hallelujah, I'm Ready To Go which features the band 
      harmonizing on the chorus minus any instrumental backing. Nice outings for 
      You're A Big Girl Now, Tryin' To Get To Heaven (this is the last time it 
      is played in a similar style to the album version, later versions feature 
      a jazzy slowed down arrangement) and Ballad Of A Thin Man. The audience is 
      enthusiastic throughout, with slow hand clapping between songs (although 
      the presence of crowd noise on the recording rarely distracts from the 
      music; rather serving to enhance the feeling of being part of this 
      intimate and exclusive performance). The quality of the recording is not 
      up to the standards of the very best Crystal Cat releases, with the vocal 
      becoming slightly buried in the mix on occasion, but overall it's a very 
      high standard recording with plenty of range and definition. An excellent 
      CD. Karl Erik Andersen's first hand review from the Expecting Rain website 

      Note:  This CD was reissued a few months after the initial Crystal Cat 
      issue. This reissue came in a redesigned 4- fold Digipak package. Although 
      this repackaging retained the original Crystal Cat labels and catalog 
      number, it is probable that this reissue is a pirate edition from an 
      anonymous label, since the discs themselves are picture discs, not in 
      keeping with the familiar Crystal Cat design, and the cds contain no 
      matrix number on the inner ring. No matter, since the musical contents on 
      both issues are identical, the pirate reissue simply offers an attractive 
      alternate package to collectors.  
      © 2002 Mike McGarr

      © 2002 Craig Pinkerton - Site by eve, Incorporated
