Bob Dylan 
Pavillon de Paris 
Paris, France 
July 8, 1978 

Taper: Unknown 
Lineage: Reel to Reel Master>DAT>CD-R(Audio Catalyst)wav>(flacfrontend)flac8. 

Disc One: 

1. My Back Pages (Instrumental) 
2. She's Love Crazy 
3. Baby Stop Crying 
4. Mr. Tambourine Man 
5. Shelter From The Storm 
6. Love Minus Zero/No Limit
7. Tangled Up In Blue 
8. Ballad Of A Thin Man 
9. Maggie's Farm 
10. I Don’t Believe You (She Acts Like We Never Have Met) 
11. Like A Rolling Stone 
12. I Shall Be Released 
13. Going, Going, Gone 
14. Rainy Day Women # 12 & 35 (Instrumental) 
15. True Love Tends To Forget 
16. Gates Of Eden 

Disc Two: 

1. The Man In Me 
2. One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below) 
3. Blowin' In The Wind 
4. I Want You 
5. Seńor (Tales Of Yankee Power) 
6. Masters Of War 
7. Just Like A Woman 
8. To Ramona
9. All Along The Watchtower 
10. All I Really Want To Do 
11. Band Introductions
12. It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding) 
13. Forever Young 
14. Changing Of The Guards 
15. The Times They Are A-Changin'



Concert # 16 of the 1978 European Tour. 1978 concert # 46.

Concert # 23 with the 1978 World Tour Band: 
Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar), 
Billy Cross (lead guitar), 
Alan Pasqua (keyboards), 
Steven Soles (rhythm guitar, backup vocals), 
David Mansfield (violin & mandolin), 
Steve Douglas (horns), 
Jerry Scheff (bass), 
Bobbye Hall (percussion), 
Ian Wallace (drums), 
Helena Springs, 
Jo Ann Harris, 
Carolyn Dennis (background vocals).

Instrumentals without Bob Dylan.

Gates Of Eden Bob Dylan solo (vocal, guitar & harmonica).

Love Minus Zero/No Limit and Just Like A Woman Bob Dylan (harmonica).

BobTalk

Merci merci, thank you. I wanna introduce the band. I know you wonder who they are. 
On the drums, please give him a big hand, from England, Ian Wallace. On the bass guitar, 
he's played with just about everybody in the world, Mr. Jerry Scheff, On the keyboards, 
from Miami, Florida, Alan Pasqua. On the lead guitar, I know you've been wanting to know 
him. On the lead guitar from Shreveport, Louisiana, Billy (?) On the rhythm guitar from 
Prague, just flown in special tonight, Mr. Steven Soles. You met this young man on the 
violin and the mandolin, someday he'll be back to play both together, at the same time. 
You ought to see that, David Mansfield. On the tenor saxophone, Mr. Steve Douglas. 
On the conga drums, from Detroit, Bobbye Hall. On the background, the three women 
in my life. On the right, Jo Ann Harris. On the other side, Carolyn Dennis. 
And in the middle, Helena Springs. I'd like to do this one now before we go. 
It's Alright Ma, I'm Only Bleeding.

Merci beaucoup. Bon soir. Vive la France! (after The Times They Are A-Changin')

2 new songs (6%) compared to previous concert. No new songs for this tour.

Thanks Olof!
Enjoy!
Charlespoet
