Uncover my Heart
The most (almost) complete collection of cover songs done by dylan from the sixties on.

Bob Dylan is rooted in the musical history of America. His music can't be understood without these roots. This collection shows how he started in the sixties but also that he has keep on playing covers all over the 60+ years of his career. These songs are in the heart of his creative process.

The main goal of this collection is to gather all the covers done by Bob Dylan in one file sorted by date. This should be the most(almost) complete collection with the most coversongs through the years of his career gathered.
It does unify and broadens the previous published collections: Pre-NET Covers-1974-1987 (captinacid compilation many thanks), Genuine NetCovers series I-IX 1988-2000(commercial boot) and Covering All The Time from 2001 on (blindwilly compilation)

The selection is based on the information published on https://bobserve.com/dylanytics as played in (or for) public as concerts,on radio and on tv. So not the hometapes, soundchecks, rehearsals, outtakes etc. As far as the tracks do circulate amongst collectors and I do have them. 
For example I don't have anything from the The Purple Onion-  Bastille june 1960 concert at St. Paul. But Olof files does say the recording isn't circulating. I'm convinced the most recordings that do circulate are present in this collection.

Beneath Bobserve.com also Losslessbob, Olof files and Bobdylan.com were consulted. In the early sixties sometimes it was not clear if a song was a bob dylan song or not. I did take the traditionals along as far as clearly not dylan in orgin. I took also those songs where Dylan played only guitar,piano, harp etc. I did intend to take only one version of each song in this collection. There might be some songs double (from different date) in this collection and there might a couple be missing. It is a huge collection and while much work to create and mistakes happen to occur then.

Flacs, shn files were converted to wav with Dbpoweramp, Filestar or MKV. Cool-edit 2 was used for trimming, making fade ins and outs and amplyfying (mosly to a lower volume) and some tracks are declipped when necessairy.
Dbpoweramp has been use to create back flacs level 6. Tagging is done with DBpoweramp and Foobar2000.
Nothing else is changed so please no remasters.

Thanks to all the tapers, uploaders for these tracks. You all are generous people.

This is a lossless collection with lossy tracks where no lossless recordings where available. Please only mp3 conversion for private use and in public only the shared flacs.

I do intend if new covers are played in the future to make new versions of this compilation with new songs added to be complete as possible again. As long as I do live.... and as long Bob does play in public............

Enjoy the Bobbyhobby.


Blindwilly may 2024

