From my collection,

Rattlesnake  /  RS 085/86  
Zeppelinfeld, Nürnberg, Germany July 1, 1978 

Released: 2001 
Quality: 7 stars 
Bob's Boots ref  # BB-t55 

Original silver discs> WAV (EAC) > FLAC (TLH)
Audience recording, excellent sound (but crowd a little bit noisy)  , Artwork included 



Tracks:
 

Disc one 

She's Love Crazy (Tampa Red) 
Baby Stop Crying 
Mr. Tambourine Man  
Shelter From The Storm  
It's All Over Now, Baby Blue  
Tangled Up In Blue  
Ballad Of A Thin Man  
Maggie's Farm  
I Don't Believe You  
Like A Rolling Stone  
I Shall Be Released  
Going, Going, Gone  
A Change Is Gonna Come * (Sam Cooke) 
Love Minus Zero/No Limit  ** 
Laissez-Faire *** 

Disc two 

Hard Rain (acoustic) 
One Of Us Must Know (Sooner Or Later) 
You're A Big Girl Now  
One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below) 
Blowin' In The Wind  
I Want You  
Seńor (Tales Of Yankee Power) 
Masters Of War  
Just Like A Woman 
Don't Think Twice, It's All Right  
All Along The Watchtower  
All I Really Want To Do 
Band introduction jam 
It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding) 
Forever Young  
encore: 
I'll Be Your Baby Tonight 
The Times
 
*     Carolyn Dennis - vocals 
**   Helena Springs - vocals 
*** Steve Soles -  solo acoustic and vocals 



Review bob's boots: 
This is an incredible package, aesthetically. The photos of a 37 year old rocker in heavy mascara are powerful. The cover photo looks even better silk screened onto the CDs. The title comes from a line of  Seńor. A booklet with more photos and tour information is enclosed. The digitally remastered stereo audience tape is as clear as any of the 1978 tapes. The soundboard tapes were well protected in anticipation of a live album release. Some of the audience tapes that float around are noisy and buried. In this one, the audience is rude, and talking constantly. This is partly the reason for a lower star rating. Suffering the worst is the two quiet, acoustic songs: Laissez-Faire and Hard Rain. However, the vocals are well above the music throughout the recording, and full of power. They are never compromised. Perhaps lost on the audience is the irony of this Jewish war-baby singing in the city of the trials. It's not lost on Bob, however. He introduces Masters Of War with: "It gives me a great pleasure to sing it in this place.", and spits out the final line with a vengeance. Another rare song intro comes at All Along The Watchtower. Bob says "I want to dedicate it to the late, great, Jimi Hendrix." This tour was heavily produced, and changed little from city to city. If you like the new, funky arrangements of Bob Dylan At Budokan (recorded four months earlier), then you'll enjoy hearing how the songs were actually presented to the audience. Just don't expect the untouchable quality of that official release. The songs that work best are the two from the newly recorded Street Legal. As an added bonus, Eric Clapton joins Bob on stage, and plays on the show's final two song encore. 

Enjoy!

Seeurge