Songs of the Underground - a collectors guide to the Rolling Thunder Revue 1975-1976
© Les Kokay 2000
All rights Reserved.

Civic Center, Providence, Rhode Island, 4 nov 75, afternoon

1 When I Paint My Masterpiece (with Neuwirth)
2 It Ain’t Me Babe
3 Romance in Durango
4 A Hard Rain’s A-Gonna Fall
5 Isis
6 Blowin’ In The Wind (duet with Baez)
7 Never Let Me Go (duet with Baez)
8 The Water is Wide (duet with Baez)
9 I Shall Be Released (duet with Baez)
(end of 1st set)
10 With God On Our Side (solo)
11 Oh, Sister
12 Hurricane
13 One More Cup Of Coffee
14 Sara
15 Just Like A Woman
16 Knockin’ On Heaven’s Door (with McGuinn)
17 This Land Is Your Land

Tapes: There is an excellent tape of the full show (180’)
CD Bootlegs:Flagging Down the Double E’s(10)
There are no circulating PA Tapes or Vinyl Bootlegs.

Track Listing of the complete show:
Good Love Is Hard To Find (Neuwirth and Guam)
Cindy (When I Get Home) (Neuwirth and Guam)
Don't Blame Me (Soles)
Too Good To Be Wasted (Stoner)
Torture (Burnette)
Is There Life On Mars (Ronson)
Alabama Dark (Hank Williams is Dead) (Blakely and Neuwirth)
Please (Blakely)
Mercedes Benz (Neuwirth)
Ramblin' Jack (Neuwirth)
Me and Bobby McGee (Elliot)
South Coast (Elliot)
Friend of the Devil (Elliot)
I'm a Rich and Rambling Boy (Elliot)
First Dylan set
Diamonds and Rust (Baez)
Swing Low Sweet Chariot (Baez)
Joe Hill (Baez)
Love Song to A Stranger (Baez)
Long Black Veil (Baez)
Please Come To Boston (Baez)
Eight Miles High (McGuinn)
The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down (Baez et al)
Second Dylan set

Stage comments:
Before Masterpiece Neuwirth introduces Dylan as "Here’s another old friend"
After Durango Neuwirth (or Dylan?) calls out: "That’s called Durango"
Before Isis Dylan says: "Did you meet everyone in the band? This is Scarlet right here, you
didn’t meet her"
During intro to Isis: “This is a true story"
During The Water is Wide Dylan calls out: "Mick Ronson" during the guitar solo
Before I Shall Be Released:
Dylan: "Gonna do this one here for Richard Manuel, he's not here but he'd like to be
here…..maybe he is here"
Baez: "Maybe he wouldn't wanna be here"
Dylan: "What?"
Baez seems to repeat her comment (laughing)
Before Hurricane: "Thank you, maybe some of you have heard about Hurricane Carter. This is
a song about him"
Before Coffee: "Here's a real underground song for ya"
Before This Land: "Thanks for coming"

Performance comments:
Dylan seems subdued during this show, not talking much between songs. However his
singing, especially during the duets with Baez, is wonderful. This show is worth seeking out to
hear the ‘one-off’ With God on Our Side with the extra verse. Dylan adds in: "I've learned to
hate Russia, and China, and Korea, and Vietnam, and Bulgaria, and Poland, and South
America, and Cuba, all of my whole life", doesn’t quite work but interesting never-the-less.
Baez has begun to interact with Dylan during the duets, playing up to his dedications. She also
has to come to term with the fact that this is Dylan’s show. She has to deal with heckling
during her solo set, with the crowd calling out "boring" and "Dylan". This may be the reason for
her announcement after Released "Bobby will be back". Before Joe Hill she says "Yes I
remember Newport, I was the world's Madonna, all that's changed thank God". After Eight
Miles High the calls for Dylan get louder and she says, "He'll be back, I promise".
Before Long Black Veil Baez introduces the piano player as a lighting technician they've
drafted into the band, a person called Kevin who is introduced in later shows as a New
Zealander.