Bob Dylan
L.S.U. Assembly Center
Baton Rouge, Louisiana
29 November 1978

Musicians: Bob Dylan (vocal, guitar & harmonica), Billy Cross (lead guitar), Alan Pasqua (keyboards), Steven Soles (rhythm guitar, backup vocals), David Mansfield (violin & mandolin), Steve Douglas (horns), Jerry Scheff (bass), Bobbye Hall (percussion), Ian Wallace (drums), Helena Springs, Jo Ann Harris, Carolyn Dennis (background vocals).
Source: Aud
Lineage: the great unknown > me > you 
Note: I have 2 different sources for this show, with this one being the superior one (the other has someone close to the taper say "Black Diamond Bay!" right before the band starts playing).  While this was a three disk set when I received it, I edited out redundant data & fit it onto two disks.

disk 1

1. My Back Pages
2. She𠏋 Love Crazy (Tampa Red)
3. Mr. Tambourine Man
4. Shelter From The Storm
5. It's All Over Now, Baby Blue
6. Tangled Up In Blue
7. Ballad Of A Thin Man
8. Maggie's Farm
9. I Don㦙 Believe You (She Acts Like We Never Have Met)
10. Like A Rolling Stone
11. I Shall Be Released
12. Se隳r (Tales Of Yankee Power)
13. The Times They Are A-Changin'
14. Rainy Day Women # 12 & 35
15. It Ain't Me, Babe

disk 2

1. Am I Your Stepchild?
2. One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below)
3. Blowin' In The Wind
4. Girl From The North Country
5. Where Are You Tonight? (Journey Through Dark Heat)
6. Masters Of War
7. Just Like A Woman
8. To Ramona
9. All Along The Watchtower
10. All I Really Want To Do
11. It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)
12. Forever Young
13. Changing Of The Guards

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
BobTalk

(before Ballad Of A Thin Man) You remember all those carnivals that they used to have? Always coming through. At least they did to in the 50𠏋. And everyone used to have, what they called a geek. You know what a geek is? A man who would eat a live chicken. He'd bite the head off, eat that. The he eats the rest of it. Eats it all. Sweeps the feathers up with a broom. Cost in them days a quarter to see him. Anyway, most people coming, you know, they鏆 insults to him and (....). Anyway, I was having breakfast one day with
the bearded lady and she told me that he wasn't funky, he𠏋 low down, low down as it gets, but .... Anyway, she said he was
mighty strange because he considered other people to be rather strange and freaky. Anyway, that used to give me kind of a
lot of encouragement as I traveled around the world. 

(before Maggie's Farm) Thank you. This is the song that got me booed out of the Newport Folk Festival in 1963. They ran me out of town, tarred and feathered me. Anyway, we're gonna sing it. 

(before Se隳r (Tales Of Yankee Power)) Thank you. I was riding on a train one time from Mexico en-route from San Diego. When that train pulled through Monterey it was night time. I was looking out the window of the train, it was like a mirror. There was this whole family got off the train. Must have been about 12 to 15 children. As they got off the train this old man stepped onto the train. He must have been about 150 years old, he was wearing a blanket. He got on the train and sat across the aisle from me. Anyway I was
looking at him through the window and I decided to look at him head on and I did, could see that both his eyes were burning.
There was smoke coming out of his nostrils. I figured this was the man I wanted to talk to. I didn't have anything to say.

(before One More Cup Of Coffee) Three years back I went on my birthday to the South of France to a high holy gypsy holiday. They meet there and they party for a week. I really didn雴t have anything better to do, so I went over to check it out and that's what they do. They partied for a week. So seeing it was my birthday they let me join them. And I did everything about twice, three times that week. Anyway, it was time for me to go and they let me go. They asked me what I'd like to take with me. And just to play it safe I just said,
one more cup of coffee, black. They gave it to me in a paper bag.

(before It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)) Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. On the drums tonight, from Kingston, Jamaica, give him a warm hand, Ian Wallace. On electric bass guitar, Mr. Jerry Scheff. On the keyboards, the one and only, from the Bahamas, Alan Pasqua. On the lead guitar, Billy Cross. On the electric violin, and the mandolin, and sometimes lead electric guitar, the youngest member of this group, fifteen years old. He's been with me now five years however. Doesn't smoke dope, drink whiskey, chase women. All that's gonna change tonight though. David Mansfield! All right, from Bogota, South America, a man who doesn't speak any
English, but he plays his heart out on the guitar, Mr. Steven Soles. On the tenor saxophone, a real legend in his own lifetime. He used to play with Duane Eddy. Remember Duane Eddy? He used to play with him. And he ..., made many of Phil Spector𠏋 great records. Ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Steve Douglas! All right, on the backup vocals tonight, three young ladies who I couldn㦙 do without any more. I know I don㦙 have the greatest voice in the world. But they cover it up so good. Anyway, Jo Ann Harris, my ex-girlfriend, Jo Ann Harris. Helena Springs. And Carolyn Dennis. On the conga drums, from Detroit, Miss Bobbye Hall. All right, we'll see you again sometime. 

(before Forever Young) Thank you. I wanna thank you for coming, but we𠐔e got to say goodbye now, till next time. We may be back soon though, I'm not just ready to be put out to pasture just yet. 
.