Bob Dylan, 3/29/95, London, England, Brixton Academy, 2CDR

LB-3534, (50min+54min), Olav Asm; Off master, Taper: no info, IMHO, the original set was a lousy mix and left channel volume consistently too low... At least that issue needed some attention!, Olav ASM (additional sound mastering):, First step: Lineage pre-work: FLAC DVD-R > WAV > CoolEdit (checking all files: finding that all tracks, except LARS, the last track, were significantly lower in the left channel as opposed to the right channel) > T-RackS v2.0 (fixed by boosting the left channel 3.1dB > But before LARS, the taper must have twisted his knobs the wrong way; it was too low in the opposite channel and needed a separate fix; LARS is now smoothly integrated into the previous track so what the listener hears is a slight drop in the applause part at the end of the previous track; LARS itself is not affected), Second step: originally, overall volume level on all tracks was too low; a much needed boost of an incredible 9.0dB, was implemented. Overall output level is also boosted with 1.8dB., Third step and back to CoolEdit: Originally, all tracks were chopped up in the wrong places, resulting in long applause parts at the start of most of the songs; So I took the liberty of taking all the now T-Racks mastered tracks from both CDs and loaded these into CoolEdit, each CD as ONE long track and chopped them into, i.m.o., more correctly so that the songs starts with, ahm, the beginning); further, a small drop-out at the start of LARS is also fixed (removed) and the transition is smoothly integrated with no audible result > FLAC frontend (sector alignment) > FLACs > DIME; bittorrent download 02/06; same recording as LB-1615 with higher levels and some clapping clipped; (did not listen to all of this)

CD1
01. Crash On The Levee (Down In The Flood), 02. I Want You, 03. All Along The Watchtower, 04. Just Like A Woman, 05. Tangled Up In Blue, 06. It Takes A Lot To Laugh, It Takes A Train To Cry, 07. Mr. Tambourine Man, 08. Boots Of Spanish Leather, 

CD2
09. Don't Think Twice, It's All Right, 10. Dignity, 11. She Belongs To Me, 12. (band intro), 13. Maggie's Farm, 14. (encore), 15. Ballad Of A Thin Man, 16. It Ain't Me, Babe, 17. Like A Rolling Stone

Please retain this info file and its LB number as a marker for this lossless set
and if you spread it please list it in the description to avoid others getting duplicates
