Bob Dylan, 3/18/78, Adelaide, Australia, 2CDR

(57min+76min), good sound

pop at d2t17 4:38 after music during applause

CD1
1 A Hard Rain's A-Gonna Fall (instrumental) 2 Love Her With A Feeling 3 Mr., Tambourine Man 4 I Threw It All Away 5 Shelter From The Storm 6 Love Minus, Zero/No Limit 7 Girl From The North Country 8 Ballad Of A Thin Man 9 Maggie's Farm 10 To Ramona 11 Like A Rolling Stone 12 I Shall Be Released 13 Going, Going, Gone 

CD2
1 One Of Us Must Know (Sooner Or Later) 2 You're A Big Girl, Now 3 One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below) 4 Blowin' In The Wind 5 I Want You, 6 Don't Think Twice, It's All Right 7 Just Like A Woman 8 Oh, Sister 9 Simple, Twist Of Fate 10 l Along The Watchtower 11 The Man In Me 12 All I Really Want, To Do 13band intros 14  It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding) 15 Forever Young 16 The Times They, Are A-Changin' 17 Knockin' On Heaven's Door

BobTalk

Thank you. Here’s a love song. (before I Threw It All Away)

Thank you. I wrote this about twenty years ago for someone very special. (before Girl From The North Country)

Thank you. I wrote this song about the same time. Maybe an hour later. (before Maggie’s Farm)

Thank you. I played this one last time I was here too I remember. (after To Ramona)

Voice from the audience: “Lay Lady Lay”! Dylan: We’ll work on that. (before Going Going Gone)

Thank you. Bobbye Hall on conga drums. (after One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below)

Thank you. This is an old song. There’s a few new lyrics that keep it up to date. (before The Man In Me

On the keyboards tonight, Alan Pasqua. On the violin and the mandolin, David Mansfield. Tenor saxophone, Steve Douglas. On the rhythm guitar we have a man responsible for what we call that outlaw sound. From San Antonio, Texas, Steven Soles. On the drums, Ian Wallace. Bass guitar, Rob Stoner. On the background vocals tonight we have three beautiful young ladies from Shreveport, Louisiana. On the right is Debbie Dye. In the middle is my childhood sweetheart, Jo Ann Harris. On the left is my current girlfriend, Helena Springs. On the conga drums, Bobbye Hall. Lead guitar, Billy Cross. This one’s called It's Alright Ma, I'm Only Bleeding.

Thank you. Alright. We’re gonna head out of here now. (before Forever Young)

