Bob Dylan, Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers 
February 24, 1986 
Sydney, Austrailia

Manufacturer / Catalog No. 
Rattlesnake /   RS 124/25  

Silvers>EAC>FLAC
 
Disc one 
Justine (Don Harris/Dewy Terry) 
Positively 4th Street  
Clean Cut Kid  
I'll Remember You  
Trust Yourself  
That Lucky Old Sun (Gillespie/ Smith) 
Masters of War  
Bye Bye Johnny [Petty] 
Straight Into Darkness (Listed as Breakdown)[Petty] 
Hard Rain (acoustic - Dylan solo) 
Girl Of the North Country (acoustic - Dylan solo) 
It's Alright, Ma  (acoustic - Dylan solo) 
I Forgot More Than You'll Ever Know (Null) 
Just Like a Woman  
I'm Moving On (Hank Snow) 
Lenny Bruce 


Disc two 
When the Night Comes Falling From the Sky  
Lonesome Town  
Ballad of a Thin Man  
Rock-n-Roll Star  [Petty] 
Refugee  [Petty] 
Rainy Day Women  
Seeing the Real You at Last  
Across the Borderline (Cooder/Hiatt) 
I and I  
Like a Rolling Stone  
In the Garden  
Blowin' in the Wind  
Uranium Rock (Warren Smith) 
Knockin' On Heaven's Door 



Review: 
This set has been previously released as Lonesome Town on the Japanese Watchtower label. However, Rattlesnake has corrected the problems that were evident on that release. The sound is more upfront and dynamic, and the mix (which was at times muddy, with distant vocals on Lonesome Town) is now perfect. To my ears, the tape speed problems are also absent. It's a full step up in quality from an already fine soundboard to an astounding one. It's a great performance, with Dylan rocking and rolling throughout. The vocals are powerful and commanding on every song. He's even quite talkative between numbers! The packaging is superlative (even for Rattlesnake) It's beautifully designed, and full of wonderful photos. The only gripe would be that the source is incorectly attributed to Adeladeon the back cover*.  
This is a must have disc, and comes very highly recommended.  


Note: 
* There has been some debate as to whether the initial attribution of Sydney, Australia February 24, 1986 was correct, (which could explain why the date & venue is wrong on this release) with some people even suggesting that the discs were a compilation of various soundboard sources, passed off by the label as a single complete show. It has now been discovered that the initial venue listing of Sydney, Australia February 24, 1986 is indeed correct and that the 'Lonesome Town' and 'True Confessions For Carol' discs DO contain the COMPLETE show and are NOT compiled from various sources



http://www.bobsboots.com/CDs/cd-t51.html


