Cumberland Civic Center
Portland, Maine
16 September 1978
  
 1.  My Back Pages  
 2.  Iĺm Ready (Willie Dixon) 
 3.  Is Your Love In Vain?  
 4.  Shelter From The Storm  
 5.  Love Minus Zero/No Limit  
 6.  Tangled Up In Blue  
 7.  Ballad Of A Thin Man  
 8.  Maggie's Farm 
 9.  I Donĺt Believe You (She Acts Like We Never Have Met)  
10.  Like A Rolling Stone  
11.  I Shall Be Released  
12.  Going, Going, Gone  
13.  I Threw It All Away 
14.  It Ain't Me, Babe 
15.  Am I Your Stepchild?  
16.  One More Cup Of Coffee (Valley Below)  
17.  Blowin' In The Wind  
18.  I Want You 
19.  Se˝or (Tales Of Yankee Power)  
20.  Masters Of War  
21.  Just Like A Woman  
22.  Baby Stop Crying  
23.  All Along The Watchtower  
24.  All I Really Want To Do  
25.  It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)  
26.  Forever Young   
27.  Changing Of The Guards
  
Second concert of the 1978 US Fall Tour. 1978 concert # 51.
Concert # 28 with the 1978 World Tour Band: 
Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar), 
Billy Cross (lead guitar), 
Alan Pasqua (keyboards), 
Steven Soles (rhythm guitar, backup vocals), 
David Mansfield (violin & mandolin), 
Steve Douglas (horns), 
Jerry Scheff (bass), 
Bobbye Hall (percussion), 
Ian Wallace (drums), 
Helena Springs, Jo Ann Harris, Carolyn Dennis (background vocals).

1 instrumental without Bob Dylan.
5, 15, 21 Bob Dylan (harmonica).
14 Bob Dylan solo (vocal, harmonica & guitar).

BobTalk

Thanks a lot. Thank you. Thank you very much. That was Steve Douglas on the tenor saxophone. Alan Pasqua on the organ. (after Tangled Up In Blue)

I think some of you (ů..) in Newport in 1965. Called I Ainĺt Gonna Work On Maggieĺs Farm No More. Weĺve changed it a little bit, but itĺs still the same song. (before Maggieĺs Farm)

Thank you. Weĺre gonna stop right here and take a short break. Have to fix the tires on the bus. Anyway, I recorded this with The Band on an album called Planet Waves. (before Going Going Gone)

Hereĺs a new song I wrote traveling on a train, Monterey, Mexico, to San Diego. (ů..). Weĺre not gonna play it. Hereĺs a song I think I wrote in a taxicab. (before I Want You)

Thank you very much. Back in San Diego. I hadnĺt eaten for three days before I wrote this song. (before Se˝or (Tales Of Yankee Power)

Everything all right? Is everything all right? Please tell me that everythingĺs all right. (plays Masters Of War) Thank you. That was Masters Of War. That was Billy Cross on the lead guitar.

I canĺt read it. I canĺt read it. What does it say? (before Just Like A Woman)

Thank you. Thank you very much. This is a song thatĺs released as a single. I donĺt know if itĺs out or if itĺs gonna be out. Anyway, itĺs called Baby Please Stop Crying.

Thank you. David Mansfield (on the violin). He doesnĺt smoke dope, he doesnĺt drink whiskey, he doesnĺt go out with women. (ů..). (after All Along The Watchtower)

On the bass guitar, Jerry Scheff. On the keyboards, Alan Pasqua. Lead guitar, Billy Cross. On the conga drums, from Detroit, Bobbye Hall, Miss Bobbye. On the rhythm guitar (ů..), doesnĺt speak a word of English, Mr. Steve Soles. On the violin and the mandolin (ů..). He has a great future, David Mansfield. On the tenor saxophone, (ů..) cornet, give this man a great deal of applause. Youĺve heard him many times on a lot of old records, Iĺm sure. Steve Douglas. On the backup vocals, on the right, Jo Ann Harris. On the left, Helena Springs. In the middle, my current girlfriend, Carolyn Dennis. This oneĺs called Itĺs Alright, Ma, Iĺm Only Bleeding.

Thank you. You are a great crowd. (ů..). Anyway, we gotta go now. (ů..) see you next time. (before Forever Young)

1 new song (3%) compared to previous concert. 1 new song for this tour.

Trade CD > EAC > FLAC > HD > Hungercity > You

Times and track layouts do not match but some of the same flaws exist here that are reported in LB-3476.