Bob Dylan & Mick Taylor (former Rolling Stones guitarist)
05/31/84 (Third Show of the Tour)
Withelm-Koch-Stadion
Hamburg, West Germany

Converted by:	Fendert
Conversion:  ?>CDR>WAV>FLAC
Quality:	Very Good / Audience

DO NOT CONVERT TO MP3

This is the third show of the 1984 tour and I am putting it up on STG 20 years to the 
day after it actually happened.  This show shows the band getting it together a little better 
than the previous two evenings.  Dylan is singing better and seems to be more 
comfortable with the band and the band is tighter.  Mick Taylor is becoming more 
comfortable with the songs after being fired by Dylan the night before the tour started 
and then reinstated the day of the first Verona show he may have been pissed and not 
even tried to give anything to the music during the first few dates.  This changes however 
and Taylor on this tour played some of the best guitar of his life.  "Maggies Farm" has 
replaced "Enough is Enough" from the previous concert which will become the place in 
the setlist where it would remain.  Right now is the 20th Anniversary of those shows and 
I thought it would be cool to release each show to STG on the date of the actual show 
plus 20 years.  Joan Baez joins in on "Blowing in the Wind" and it really sounds good.  
So, here is the third show and we'll see if I can keep up with the rest of the tour.  Enjoy.

BTW, These shows really highlight how BAD Santana was, playing in the wrong key, at 
the wrong time and playing a part which did NOT fit into the song.  What was Bob 
thinking with this guy?

Disc 1
01.	Highway 61 Revisited
02.	Jokerman
03.	All Along the Watchtower
04.	Just Like a Woman
05.	Maggies Farm
06.	I and I 
07.	License to Kill
08.	Got My Mojo Working
09.	It Ain't Me Babe
10.	It's Alright Ma
11.	Don't Think Twice
12.	It's All Over Now Baby Blue

Disc 2
01. 	Master of Warr
02. 	Ballad of a Thin Man
03. 	When You Gonna Wake Up
04. 	Every Grain of Sand
05. 	Like a Rolling Stone
06. 	Lonesome Death of Hattie Carroll
07. 	Blowing in the Wind (with Joan Baez)
08. 	Tombstone Blues
