BobTalk

(before Baby Please Stop Crying) Thank you. This is a new song off the new album called Baby Please Stop Crying.

(before Maggies Farm) Thank you. Title of that song was Ballad Of A Thin Man. This next song got me booed off the stage of the Newport Folk Festival in 1965. I hope you like it.

(before Seńor (Tales Of Yankee Power)) Thank you. This is another new song from the Columbia Records album called Street-Legal. This is called Tales Of Yankee Power. I wrote this after going down to Mexico. 

(before Don't Think Twice, It's All Right) Thank you. I've been doing this song for a long time and I'm gonna do it one more time. Anyway we call this Southern Mountain Reggae. 

(All Along The Watchtower) Thanks. Ok. This name of this song is All Along The Watchtower. Recorded on an album John Wesley Harding. I’d like to dedicate it tonight to the late great Jimi Hendrix.

(band intros before It's Alright Ma, I'm Only Bleeding) Thank you ladies and gentlemen. Let me introduce the band. I think a whole lot of this band and I know you do too. On the bass and drums Mr. Ian Wallace. Jerry Scheff. On the keyboards Alan Pasqua. All right. On the conga drums, from Detroit, Bobbye Hall. Lead guitar Billy Cross. On the rhythm guitar, from Tombstone Arizona, Steve Soles. You can do better than that ! Steve Soles he deserves a lot of attention. On the mandolin and violin, you met this young man earlier in the evening. He's getting married next week, David Mansfield. On the tenor saxophone, a young man who gave up a great career in a
laboratory to be in this band. Steve Douglas. All right, on the background vocals tonight, three young ladies. I'm not sure if you're acquainted with the old group called The Raylettes, but they remind me of something like The Raylettes. I hope they remind you of the same group. I know they do. All right. On the left my fiancée, Carolyn Dennis. On the right my current girlfriend Jo Ann Harris. And in the middle my childhood sweetheart, she makes me cry, taught me everything I know, Miss Helena Springs. We'll do this little tune for ya, I wrote this about ten, ten years ago, wrote and recorded in New York City, called It's Alright Ma, I'm Only Bleeding.

(before Forever Young) Thank you. We had a good time tonight and I hope you did. We gotta head out now so we'll be here tomorrow night. maybe we'll see you then. 

(before The Times They Are A-Changin') Thank you all right. Thanks very much. Here's another song I been playing for twenty years. One more time we're gonna do it. 